3 months ago I made an order and paid by cash for the rider + tips 
After 3 months I make another order for trip and they charged me again for the previous order which I already paid long time! They called and did the investigation with the rider but until now no refund or anything for double charging me. 
What a poor service!!
This app is not good…
At first fare show 169tk.
When i receive product then he show me fare is 390tk
No good service , no backpack at all.
Was assigned a partner, gave a deposit only to be told day before move that it’s a holiday so the booking can’t go through. I scrambled to make the move that same day and was assigned a Porter with an open truck on a rain day. I asked to cancel the whole thing and was instead randomly assigned a third partner who is a no show. I’m appalled at the lack of disclosure (open trucks) and inability to Porter to keep their end of the bargain. The porters seem a law unto themselves, the third one went silent after calling to fix up a time with me.
I just downloaded the app two days back, just to check the pricing, I was getting continuous calls from the service. I stopped using on that day. Again today I just opened the app and I was checking the pricing again I was getting continuous calls even though I asked them to not call me multiple times. Whats the point of having an app when you are running a call centre like service. And how come you are getting the information about what activity I am doing on app. Its so inconvenient and unsafe. I just deleted the app today.
I recently used their packers and movers service and it was pathetic. The supervisor listed didn’t came to visit it himself and sent some other workers. Also, they handled the items really bad and dragged the refrigerator and washing machine on a concrete road. The items got some dents too during transit and when complained about it to the customer support they were unhelpful and didn’t do anything about it and closed the ticket.

Pathetic experience, never use packers and movers service.