We had a wonderful experience working with Move It. They helped us move the big/heavy furniture we couldn’t move. They were timely, respectful and listened attentively to direction. We would definitely use them again!!
These fellas were amazing there is not enough words.i thank you and them so much
Mike and his team were absolutely awesome!! Quick to respond, super helpful in setting everything up and then in executing everything… no matter how many questions I had! Lol.   The app makes it so easy to communicate with the team you’re working with that day! No guessing who it is or where they are or how far away they are… communicate anytime you need to.  I worked with James Eshragh & Todd Westbrook for the day and they were both not only awesome and hardworking, but just super cool guys!!!  Need help moving or with junk removal… Don’t think twice, just get the app & book Move It!!!
Amazing app for gig economy, it’s like Uber for moving.
Guys were professional. Moved a treasured piece of furntiure to a storage unit for us! Would definitely recommend them for anyone’s moving needs!
I’ve used the app twice so far; once to move a large dining table I bought on Facebook Marketplace, the other was to move some large items between properties.  Both times the guys were on time, friendly and got the job done without any issues. Best way to describe it is Uber for moving. I will definitely use Move It again.
They both went above and beyond, will be using this service again
Felipe and Moses did a great job. Thank you!
While the app needs some work, I was able to accomplish my mission! I booked a last minute request for two movers to move a large item from downstairs to upstairs.  I was immediately notified when the job was accepted by the movers. And I was also notified when each mover was on their way. The movers were professional and handled my item with care.
I wasn’t sure how I was going to move 2 large pieces of mahogany furniture and a hydraulic massage table to my new office…lifting that table seemed like a terrible idea! 2 polite, and kind guys made the move quick and easy. This is such an awesome business concept. I’m telling everyone I know!
Nice app , easy to book moves
Very professional and problem-free.  Did exactly what needed to do.  100% satisfied with the move.  Booking wise, thank you for the quick response every time I have questions.  Thank you so much!
I’ve used them multiple times now. Moving furniture in my home to junk removal. Always polite helpers. Love the service! Best movers in Las Vegas
I needed movers during the week and happened to come across this company. After downloading it and signing up, I was amazed at the ease and thoroughness it provided. It was able to give me an accurate quote immediately and schedule service the same day and within hours. The guys showed up and were professional and careful with my furniture and move was done in a couple hours! Awesome and I will definitely use again
Service was excellent. Process was easy. Nice idea.
If you are looking for quite possibly the easiest manner of making arrangements for moving, download MoveIt App, set up your profile and follow the simple prompts. Scheduling, pricing estimate, honoring the appointed time, cost proposed based on information submitted and ultra high efficiency and quality of work, this service compared to all others shopped was by far a total no-brainer.
App was easy, service was perfect
Mike E did a wonderful job removing and recycling our Christmas tree. I highly recommend him!
I used this app to get my Christmas tree picked up after the holidays. I worked with Mike, and he was great to work with. He was able to get my 8ft tree with no issues and in a timely manner. Would definitely recommend.
Quick and reliable
Gustavo and Cody were great. Very carefull and so nice. Saved my life. Thank you!!!
Love this moving service… I’ve used them three times to help me move apartment units and wants just for muscle to assist me with setting something up in my apartment 

Special shout out to Brandon and Cody, who helped with my most recent move in December 2023. These guys are friendly, professional, and fantastic! Highly recommend.
Cody and Jeremiah with Move It! were absolutely great! They were fast, smart about moving heavy furniture and careful with your walls and flooring. I couldn’t be happier with Move it!
I used Move It for junk removal and a small move. All the helpers were nice, professional, and timely. 
The app is easy to use and all the pricing is visible. It also integrated with my calendar app perfectly. 
I'll use Move It again for other services in the future.
They get stuff done fast and have amazing employees!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Awesome company great design and awesome for helping me move into my new house
Move it is a very easy for customers. They helped me move my furniture out of my house and made it very easy for me to move.
Move It has been a life saver for me recently. I had some old furniture I needed to move but it was unable to and I downloaded the app and got it moved in no time. It was hassle free and incredibly convenient. I highly recommend Move It!
Everything was moved efficiently and in an orderly fashion. Highly recommend this app
Great experience!!!
We literally could not have unloaded our Penske in such a timely manner. These guys were amazing n, courteous, and quick! Thank you gentlemen!!!
Excellent service! Everything was picked up on time, carefully handled, delivered precisely where we needed it. We could not be more pleased. Felipe and Marco are amazing men.

Bryan-David Scott
Celebrity Chef
The app is easy to use and the moving service was very helpful. I would recommend this to anyone in need!
They did a wonderful job helping me move stuff out of my house! They are very quick and affordable and are the best at their job!
Just flat out AMAZING!! I had so much stuff to be moved and all from the app it got done! Couldn’t be more happy! THANK YOU FOR MAKING IT EASY!
I love this app if u are trying to make good money and fast this is the app!
Marquis and Trayvon were amazing!!
This was my first time using the app, and I have to say I’m pretty pleased! It was easy, the movers arrived, and were professional and courteous. They did the job I asked them to do.
The app is both a time and money saver by letting me book the help in no time and saving me money, respectively.       
I was donating some old things and used the app, the helper was very sweet and polite and even shared images once he donated them!
The team assigned to us was extremely professional and did a great job helping out with our move.
It was easy to book the helpers and they were on time. Everything was done without any issues so I will definitely book them again in the future!
Amazing. Their services are worth giving a try. Their pricing was reASŌnable for us, and the movers were extremely helpful.
Daniel and Jesse came and cleared my backyard of the furniture, bbq and fire pit so that I could get the deck resurfaced. They were polite, knew what they were doing and STRONG!!  Highly recommended!
My two movers- Brandon and Hector- were amazing! Good communication, arrived early and very professional- wish I found this app sooner.
Move it was so easy and convenient. It helped me out big time. I was in a short time crunch and slammed with work as well I drive a two door car & needed quite the load moved. Within 24 hours of downloading the app and placing my order all of the junk on the side of the house from my move was completely gone and taken care of. I would 100% recommend this to anyone for how reasonable the price was I would’ve thought it would have cost a fortune for something like that. 10/10 will tell all friends & family even my clients at work. I will now always be a move it customer and consider them for anything of this nature of service.
Move it delivery service was very dependable and reliable. The process was very simple and easy and help out our family tremendously. Highly recommend!!
Daniel and Felipe showed up during the arrival window and were amazing and professional. Very efficient move for an affordable price. I highly recommend for anyone looking to move a few items.
Fast, great to work with so nice and efficient! Thank you!!
I have had only great experiences with Move It.
Service was on time flip was friendly and quite strong, he picked up our patio furniture and delivered and helped set it up . I highly would recommend move it instead of calling others
The price was much reasonable than even renting a truck to do it myself. I saved over $40 by using the app. Very simple process once you have the app
It’s like Uber , it identifies the person will be there and his truck and destination!! 
Thank you move it and flip.
Great app and service. With the app you can schedule the day and time of your move, get a quote instantly and get updates of your move. I’ve already started spreading the word about this app to my my friends!
Easy to schedule help. My move it pro Gen was on time, friendly and very helpful
Jen was amazing wish she came sooner she worked quick and fast was friendly and kind
The two arrived when they said they would and were very efficient and helpful! I will use them again in the future
Move It is great. Helpers were great and did the job carefully and efficiently. Will definitely use again!
Adrian did a great job-will definitely use this service again!
Helped move a pinball machine & piano across town. Reasonably priced, movers were friendly. Thank you!
We used go move it to have a few junk items removed. The whole process was great. Austin was professional and courteous. I will definitely use them again.
I needed to pick up a large dresser from the store, but my little car could not transport it. Move it helped me get it from the store and into my house with no problems! Thank you!
This app is amazing. Very simple to use and organized. I made an account easily and had my couch moved to my aunts house. The guys who came were friendly and very careful with the furniture. I would definitely use this service again. Great idea as well
I used Move-It when moving out of my parents house into my new apartment. They were quick, efficient, and the cost was also very reasonable. I recommend Move-It to all my friends and family who are in need of movers. The group of movers were friendly and did not scrape any of my furniture or Knick the walls. Overall amazing service.
My first time using move it and I didn’t have any problems. Everything went better than expected and the employees and everything about the company is top notch. Very professional and full of hard workers. Definitely going to be suggesting it to many of my friends or family!
This app is a hot wet mess. It’s beta at best, and has not even gone through basic QA. I will say it’s functional, but only barely. You can’t make changes nor can the movers once they have accepted a job. So you have to contact support to remove one guy, so it frees up the spot to find another helper. Would benefit from some gui/spatial changes to make it more user friendly and/or less intimidating overall.

Visionary/executive/owner/coach?: Storyboard the entire application with branches of what goes to what storyboard. Then look at all your storyboards and redesign to cut the storyboards in half at least. 

The idea is great, and has potential to grab a return and expanding customer base. You have to bring customer engagement down, simplify the order process. It needs to be as easy as Uber/Lyft. A metric to shoot for is easier than Ubereats, that app is still a convoluted mess in places to accommodate all the different restaurants and what have you. You’re defining the service/service level so you can trim and shape to simplify/make brainless easy.

(AWS backend?)
This is a two part review: 
1. MoveIt is a complicated app… it would work better as a website, because any kind of contact or response isn’t easy. I contracted for 2 helpers, and 1 canceled at the last minute. The problem is: trying to get to a real person to get anything done didn’t happen. After Dylan, the helper that showed up tried contact you by phone, all we got was a voicemail. That doesn’t help me when I’m in need of a agreed second helper. Almost 3 hours later, you assigned another person, by it was too late. 
2. That being said, the guy that DID show up, Dylan was GREAT! Hard worker, and easy to get along with. I’m almost 68 years old, in decent health, but had I not been, this could have been a catastrophe. Too bad all your helpers aren’t as good as Dylan!
Justin and Braxton were awesome.  So professional and polite.  Got the job done with their muscle in no time at all.  Great teamwork!!
Thank so much Justin for coordinating and getting Braxton to help.  I will highly recommend Move It because of you two.  Also thank you Randy for getting the job done.
These guys came through every single time I needed them last minute and you can even schedule them up to two weeks I use them on a daily basis can’t say enough good things about them!
Had the greatest experience using Move it! I needed to have a very large rug delivered and not only was the price so affordable, but the service was amazing! I highly recommend using move it for any of your moving needs!
Best service and so convenient. Just like Uber for pick up and delivery.
Justin was great as far as communicating with me. He got held up at another job and let me know his ETA. Everything went great and would highly recommend!
I had a spur of the moment purchase that wasn’t going to fit in my car. I happen to get in contact with the owner and he set me up with the app, and it was done. Super fast, nice crew, highly recommend!
Scheduling through the app was so easy, you able to work with your schedule. Braxton and Justin showed up on time, were polite and did an amazing job with my junk removal. Great company and would highly recommend if you live in Henderson/Las Vegas area.
Great service, no complaints.
This was my first experience with Move It and it won’t be my last. 
The pros were great and very accommodating. 
Give them a try!
Great fast service. Will definitely use again!
1st time using this app/service to move a dining table and what an awesome and easy experience!! You are able to see the job being done from start to finish within the app. Booking the movers to suit your needs (big or small) was quick, easy and very reasonably priced. Boys were very professional and the move was on time, within the window requested. This service is so convenient! I will definitely use it again in future!!!
Move It has been amazing to work with. I have been using them for a while now and the service is always consistent. The helpers are on time and work hard while on the job. Always a good experience!
I had booked a Junk removal job. Booking through the app was easy. As soon as I uploaded my pictures Justin was available. He gave me a window of 5-5:30PM for pickup.

He arrived on time and helped move my couch, garden furniture and packing material quickly and professionally.

I did my research. Called several other movers. Many wanted to charge 40-50-% more. The guys at MoveIt were amazing. Best in town!
I contacted them for a rush next day pickup of a mattress and bed frame and was accommodated in a quick professional manner.  The movers were so nice and well groomed.  It was as a great experience and we will be using this company again when we move across town in December.
Had 2 Great guys come and move 2 mattresses for me. Quick and professional. I trusted them completely. 

Linda H
Move It was a wonderful company and they were able to help me out when I was in a pinch. They were quick to respond to my request, they were on time, they took the time to make sure my furniture was secured and handled it with care. I will definitely call them in the future!
These guys helped move a really heavy couch I had and all the workers were really polite and focused. And the app was really easy to use!
The service was awesome! Loved how quick and efficient the move went. This service is definitely one that I would order again if I need anything moved again! Move it!
These guys are very quick and reliable! They are straight to the point and worked with me to the best of their abilities when I asked them to specifically move things a certain way!
Used their service for a quick apartment move. Good communication. Fast service and handled all the furniture nicely. It would not let me edit my move once submitted however so just try to get everything right when creating the move
I have never used this company but I am so pleased to have learned about them! 
They moved a heavy bedroom set for me, they were prompt and communication was great. It was short notice and I was nervous but they were quick and efficient. Thank you!
These guys are awesome. Easy app to use and very quick. Will use whenever I need truck and muscle. Thank you!
These guys showed up on time. Very professional, courteous and careful. Great customer service. I needed help coordinating getting four laborers to arrive at the same time. No problems!
They were fast and quick and very polite. Great workers and very great environment.
Had a great experience! Showed up and got everything done in a timely matter, great help for me not having a truck! Thank you!!
I was referred to MOVE IT to have furniture moved to storage, it was great! A couple guys showed up and moved everything for me, all I had to do was show them what needed to be moved. I used them a second time to pick up a grill from the store. They picked it up and delivered to my house without any issues, I highly recommend MOVE IT for any moving needs you may have! Thanks guys!
This service was very convenient and reliable. Have used Move it a few different times and have had a great experience every time!
This app is awesome! Really easy to use!
Move It is amazing! I’ve had a 500 pound machine I needed to move for a few years. I asked my husband weekly to get it done and he wouldn’t.  Between being pregnant 2 times, raising 2 babies and working full time I didn’t have the time. Or muscles. Or a truck. 
My friend shared their link on Facebook and after waiting 3 years it was moved the next day!!!! 
They didn’t have my specific needs on their app, but I messaged them through Facebook and they took care of me. 
I wish I had known about them sooner. They would have been helpful the time I bought a chair at HomeGoods without thinking and ended up sitting on the curb with it looking for someone who could help me get it home. 
They are super fast, efficient and affordable.
Recently moved to Vegas and purchased some very heavy furniture which need to go up a curved flight of stairs!  The guys from Move It handled it like pros!!  Can’t say enough nice things.  Very professional, respectful, knowledgeable and friendly.  I will only use them from now on and would highly recommend them.
L. Davis
Had Kenny and Joshua as our Movers and they were absolutely wonderful they did the job very fast and they were both on time definitely going to use the service again!!! Thanks again! Ashley
Outstanding! Pier One was closing down and I had to get the table and outside umbrella before they closed. Friend told me about Move It and their on demand service. Only gave them a 45 minute heads up. 2 helpers showed up on time, friendly, courteous, loaded my items and delivered to my house where I wanted it. Great service will definitely use again.
Needed a mattress and some boxes moved. Excellent customer service, on time, professional, great prices. Highly recommend and will use again.
So far, I've used Move It twice (in the same week). The first time, they moved a large office desk, executive chair and fridge from an office park to my house. Today, they moved a grandfather clock I bought on Nextdoor from the seller's house to mine. They have professional employees who know how to wrap and transport items for local moves. They're dependable, efficient, and their prices are reasonable. They're still working out a few bugs in the app, but it's still easy to book your move. Try them. You'll be impressed.
This was super fast and convenient. They had great prices and fast service. Will definitely use again!
Move it was fast, easy, and Drew & Alex were great!
Love this service! Easy to use and every worker has been extremely friendly and helpful.
They really moved my stuff!!! Great work.
Where has this app been my whole life!! Move It is the best! So easy, convenient, and affordable. Will definitely be using their services again. Would highly recommend to anyone in need of moving furniture.
I bought a grill and chair and they went to the store and picked it up and delivered the same day. The service was inexpensive and very professional.
Had some things at my house that I wasn’t able to move due to not have a vehicle to accommodate and Move It took care of everything! Highly recommend using them. Extremely professional and got the job done quickly. Will definitely use again in the future.
Used this app to help move into our new home and couldn’t have been any easier. Will definitely use again in the future.
I have used MoveIt several times from picking up bulk items at stores to helping move furniture from one room to another. The service has always been top notch.
Great service! Fast and easy!
These guys show up on time, work hard, and take great care of the things they are handling. Overall, they do an exceptional job and I will be using them for all my moving needs!
Move it was the easiest process and movement of my refrigerator and couches that I could have possibly imagined.  All workers were extra professional, delightful and extra safe.  Thank you move it, will definitely recommend to all I know!!
Bought a rug and table from HomeGoods and needed help getting it home. Move It was fast to help pick up my new items and deliver it to my house. The guys were professional and affordable.
Great service, quick, great people. Thank you. Will use again
I used Move It and had the best experience. I bought a table and chairs and they were able to pick up and deliver everything right away. When they delivered my new furniture they were able to move all my old stuff out to the garage! Thanks to them I don't have to bother my brother and can get everything I need done ASAP 🙌🏽. Will be using this company again and again!