I love this app better than DoorDash & Uber. Exquisite food and definitely worth spending my dollar!
App seems pretty nice , easy to work! I really would appreciate a way to create meals and find a chef to make it.
I love the app. Tonight was my first time using it and very smooth process from ordering, paying, and receiving the tracking for the delivery of my food. 

I like this a lot better than other food delivery apps and the food was so good / piping hot. 

Could we add a like/heart/save button for the chef stores/pages we want to try later ?
Trying to add my American address and it keeps giving me error of invalid address. Kindly fix
Excellent meal. Delivered slightly earlier than expected but no problem. Highly recommend.
My experience was great! I will be using Cookin at least once a week! The chef we ordered from had fresh food and ingredients. The food was hot and the delivery was flawless.
Nice app with good food
Some of the best food I’ve found on delivery apps and have ever tasted in general! Everything is very fresh and the unique culinary options are so much better than the typical chains you usually see on delivery apps. Amazing food, amazing prices and I love that I am directly supporting local chefs when I order!
This is some of the best food I have ever tasted!! It feels like I have a private chef delivering food to my door. I was so impressed by the quality of the food and I love that I can support local chefs by ordering. Will never go back to ordering from the same boring spots on Doordash or UberEats!
I love Cookin.  We have ordered over 100 times.  Why? Because homemade food hits different.  This is a personal food experience like no other, and I love supporting local food entrepreneurs.
Cookin is now my go-to place to order food! The homemade food is always delicious and on time. The app is also easy to navigate and ordering is a seamless process! Also, the new search feature is a game changer and has helped out a lot!
This is my favorite food delivery!  The food is exceptional and I love the personal experience supporting local chefs!
Great idea. Nice interface and great search feature. Foods look great.
Tried the app, really like the selection of homemade food.  The app is super easy to use.  Looking forward to seeing this launched in Boston!
I ordered Cookin when I was in Toronto and the food was AMAZING. The best butter chicken paratha roll I’ve ever had and the spiciest tacos! Can’t wait to try it in Dallas and I hope it comes to NYC soon!
Great food!
Loving all of this and what it stands for!! Amazing concept, amazing chefs and amazing food!
I heard about this app through a friend and have loved using it so far. It’s super easy to navigate and the prices and selection are unmatched!