The best moving app/service I’ve used! They answered all my questions about truck size beforehand. Really great communication throughout the entire process. Delivery guy was very strong and easily moved our very heavy furniture. No dings or damage on anything! Very professional, will definitely use again!
This is our second time using Muvr & once again they did a fantastic job moving a sofa for us. They were quick, professional & affordable. We’ll definitely use again.
I used it for the first time over the 4th of July weekend for couch and king size bed frame.  Lady from Crate and Barrel told me about the app.  I was able to get same day delivery.  John from Muvr kept me informed with texts throughout the delivery.  I would definitely use it again.  Thank you.
I used this app a few times already and each time the guys were great & efficient. Definitely gonna use this app again. Definitely recommend getting if you’re moving or even just need something delivered to your place
The team is amazing with communication and I felt like items were safe all the time with Muvr team! Thanks so much!!!!
A friend recommended Muvr, and I'm glad they did! Seamless booking, real-time updates, excellent service, and extreme care make it the best option for stress-free moves. It's easy to use, reliable, and efficient, making the entire moving experience smoother than I could have imagined. As someone who has moved frequently, I can say without a doubt that Muvr is the best option out there. 100% recommended!
This app is absolutely amazing! Can’t wait to see it grow. It’s so convenient for moving and plenty of job opportunities for others in need.
Jonathon Torres was very professional and accommodating. Very pleased with my experience. 5 stars!
Rico and team were great. Best moving experience I’ve ever had. Great customer service and very easy process. Have used 3 times and will use for all moves in the future.
Did phenomenal job with picking up from outlet store to dropping off to my house. They even helped with moving of a sectional even though they didn’t have to. Appreciate the fast on demand service and the professionalism. Highly recommend
Highly recommend, the movers were very nice, communication was great and the whole process was fast and easy at an affordable price
Rico took my call on a Saturday night and was able to deliver my 2 pc sectional couch the next morning.  They wrapped up both pieces and delivered them inside the home.  Rico even texted me about some scuff marks he had seen before they wrapped it up.  They were good with text and call updates throughout the whole process and their delivery fee was pretty comparable as well.  I would use them again in the future.
Super nice and courteous guys. Amazing service. Timely. Efficient. Polite. Kind. Reasonably priced. Took great care with the furniture that we needed to be moved. We are so happy that another happy customer referred us to Muvr. Will certainly call them first for future moving needs, big or small. And, will certainly refer them to our friends and neighbors.
I worked with the MUVR team to get 8 big furniture pieces from where I bought them, to my house an hour away. Getting a quote was easy, and only 2 hours after my request, the movers were at my door, ready to deliver my shipment. My furniture was carefully wrapped, which prevented damage, and when they were done, the movers unwrapped it and disposed of any trash. The movers were also incredibly kind. A truly white glove service from a hard-working team. The app is so easy to use, too. Will definitely use them again!
Fast, great communication, pleasure to work with. I’ve used them twice now, no complaints.
I was in a store regularly as were these guys. I got their information and had them help me with two separate moves. Both moves were very affordable. They were quick and precise. Took care of the furniture. They are extremely nice and helpful and always have a big smile on their faces. I would highly recommend using them if you have a chance.
I was able to schedule next day delivery with very short notice. Team was very professional and delivered my item in pristine condition and quickly. 10/10 would recommend
Fast and affordable, met them at Crate & Barrel Outlet they saved the day by delivering a couch at a very reasonable price. The store does not deliver so this is a great way to get in-stock bulky items home the same day!
Easy, timely, and nice! Highly recommend!
I purchased a tv console from CB and contacted MUVR as I checked out at 3pm. Rico was great to work with and my item was delivered the SAME DAY at 7:30pm. MUVR was a awesome experience.
I recently engaged Muvr to deliver furniture pieces I purchased from Crate & Barrel. Upon calling Muvr to inquire about their availability for delivering the items to my home in LA, I was delighted to learn that they could accommodate the delivery on the same day. The items I purchased at 2 pm were at my home by 7 pm on that very day.

The Muvr team is not only efficient but also friendly, always wearing smiles. They handle furniture with great care, and their pricing is both reasonable and fair. I was so pleased with their services that I have already booked their moving services for later this month.
I 100% recommend Rico and the Muvr team!  They are quick to respond, professional, polite and very accommodating with delivery times!  They took extra time to wrap pieces to ensure safe delivery of the items, and even offered to remove the wrapping after delivery!  An absolute pleasure to work with!
We recently moved to LA and needed help getting some furniture to our new place. We contacted Jason and he was super professional, responsive, and reliable. As a native New Yorker I've have ALOT of experience dealing with movers and Jason is the best mover I have ever hired. If you're looking for a responsible mover that will get your stuff to you in one piece, Jason is your guy. I 100% recommend him and he has become my go-to guy whenever I need new furniture delivered.
Jason and his team are responsive, easy to communicate with, on time and fairly priced.  We originally used them to deliver a sofa to our home and have since used them to haul away old furniture and with other small moving projects.  We can’t recommend them more highly.
We randomly found Jason, who was recommended by Crate and Barrel to move a sleeper sofa I had bought. He was able to fit us in the following day and happily agreed to deliver to Orange County from LA county.  The communication was great and he was prompt. He was so careful with my walls and stair railing when taking the sofa upstairs to make sure not to damage anything. The best part though was his positivity and personality. We would use them again, over and over.
I have moved almost every year in the past 7 years and can hands down say that this was the smoothest furniture delivery! Very respectful, kind, with phenomenal communication!  I would highly recommend them for your next delivery/move!
Rico and Jonathan were Awesome! They were very kind and professional. I will definitely use them again! The service is affordable, quick and helpful. These two showed the definition of what teamwork is. Fast and efficient in their duties. This is what a 5 star company is about.
I had a wonderful experience! After a little issue with the app, customer service dived in and got me set up with the booking over email. We needed a sofa to be picked up and delivered. Rico was punctual, great to communicate with and the sofa arrived in perfect condition. Would highly recommend!
Muvr helped move a couple of large furniture items from the store to my house. They were easy to communicate with and provide professional and friendly service. Thank you!
Rico (the owner) and his team at Muvrs are literally all-star! You can’t find better. Rico provided me with amazing white glove service every time I worked with him! Between their amazingly competitive pricing (they have so much more value to offer than Dolly or Lugg), and their team-player approach to your needs, I will never use a different moving company! Found them through a referral from a friend, and have already used them twice this week. Both times were custom moves with moving parts, changing addresses and delays, and they were amazingly professional, patient and fun to be around! Jonathan is my favorite mover — book him! He’s smart & handy! I felt very taken care of throughout the entire process for both bookings (and did I mention the second booking was reserved in less than 12 hours notice and they showed up and did such an amazing job!). Don’t delay or bother to price check them against competitors. You’ll win hand over fist with them everytime. Thanks Rico & Jonathan!! 💯✨
Just recently moved to LA from DC and I can’t recommend them enough. Super friendly and transparent. Spoke to multiple movers who were incredibly rude but these guys made the move extremely comfortable and the experience delightfully. Rico, you’re a star. Get them for any mov you have, the app super user friendly. By far the best.
Had a truly great and seamless experience with the Muvr team — it was super easy to coordinate with Jason and they helped carry a heavy media cabinet up to the second floor of my apartment building. Super professional and courteous and quick service, can’t recommend enough
Hired them to deliver a large glass cabinet.  They were prompt to respond, completely accommodating, very skilled to maneuver a glass cabinet, and very professional.  They did such a great job that we are planning on using them for an upcoming moving project.  Would completely recommend them!
Highly recommend this app! They made delivering my furniture so easy. Jason made the experience seamless and everyone was so nice!
Jason and his brother were the best!! - they helped me move my couch. They were super fast, clean and professional. Would definitely call them again!!
Had a great first experience using Muvr. Needed a 3 piece sectional sofa delivered from a C&B store in Seal Beach to Valencia and the process could not have been easier. The app was easy to use, pricing was very affordable and the team delivered the item the next day with great care and customer service. Will use this app for future furniture deliveries. Thank you Muvr!
So kind and professional. Loved their help in getting out new dining room table home. Very on top of their stuff!
Jason and his crew quoted us a good price, and we set up a time that same afternoon!  Our table was delivered ON TIME, on a busy Sunday afternoon.  It was covered, then wrapped arriving and delivered in our kitchen in the same condition it was in as purchased in the Crate and Barrel showroom.  Thanks Jason and crew!  An  A+++ Rating!
John B
This app made it so easy for me to find amazing and reliable movers! Definitely a user friendly app
I do not hesitate to recommend this company. Jason and his team are absolutely fabulous. They took great  care of my expensive couch from Crate and  Barrel and I could not be more grateful. They brought it fast and were very efficient came in got out in record time and had everything set up for me exactly as it should be, if you’re thinking of using them do it!
Fast delivery, great service!! 🔥
Found out about this company when purchasing furniture and decided to give it a try along with a few quotes. Rico reached out to me to help discuss pricing options and ultimately ended up being very competitive and I’m thankful for that as they took great care of my furniture along with wrapping protection. Already booking them for another furniture piece coming in soon!!
This is an amazing app and service! I purchased something at Crate and Barrel and immediately downloaded the app and scheduled my pick up. Every store needs to provide the company flyers to offer this service. I now do not feel limited in what I purchase. I know I can just scheduled Muvrs at a click of a button.
App is easy to use and was able to book for a service in less then 24hrs. 
Service was impeccable! They were quick, had great communication, arrived on time, and were so kind. There is no other company that beats their prices and great service! Will continue to use them for personal and business  in the future, highly recommend!
Was really impressed by Rico and Johnathan’s customer service. They were always quick to respond and answered all of my questions with a positive attitude. They made me feel comfortable moving a new couch I just bought. I was also really impressed by same day pickup and delivery and thought the app was really helpful. Will definitely be using them again.
Exceptional service from Murv! They made my furniture move to my new home an absolute breeze. The team's efficiency and professionalism were top-notch. I highly recommend Murv for anyone in need of reliable and stress-free moving services. A truly excellent experience!
Very quick same day delivery service!
Awesome help! Found a beautiful drawer on Facebook marketplace but couldn’t pick it up due to being out the country. But with muvr I was able to purchase it and get it to my warehouse! 👍
This was the best moving service I have used! Super quick and super easy :)
Very user friendly!!