They are always experiencing high demand and always late. The drivers stop to much and just sit y’all need to have scheduled bookings so ppl can get to work on time like this is getting ridiculous and out of hand
The vans are difficult to get into and out of for older persons. The seating is pretty high from the ground.
Polite and courteous, and much less expensive than alternatives!
Remon is so professional and a careful driver.
I haven’t used this app in two years 
But I could really use it now
I’ve installed and uninstalled the app trying to get it to work
Everytime I’ve ordered a ride it says it’s in Power Nap mode! Help!
This app used to be so great. When it said it would be here in 27 minutes, it was here in 27 minutes. Maybe 30. Now? It says it’ll be here in 27 minutes, but I’m lucky if it’s here in 45 minutes! I don’t know if that’s just because Via has become more popular or the drivers are not great or the algorithm changed, I don’t know. But I now have to reserve a seat at least an hour ahead of time if I need to be somewhere in the next hour and 15 minutes. Crazy. It used to be so good. What happened?
This had potential to be a great and accessible shared ride service, except it’s not. Don’t expect to rely on this service if you are looking for a reliable way to commute in the city. Many times even calling over an hour in advance results in me still arriving late to my destination for several reasons including, poor ETA time, rides with no updates which results in you having to cancel AND occasionally pay to do so. In my particular city there is a great cultural and language barrier which prevents the driver from even being friendly. I’ve personally watched my ride arrive after an hour only to speed off in front of me to do random new pickup requests. Yes, the app lets you monitor all of this including your drivers location. Occasionally Drivers will even mark you as picked up when you are not, they will check off they have arrived at the location when they haven’t. I’ve gotten into cars that are filthy, with no seats, etc. They need a more serious background check to who they are hiring, many of the drivers are unfamiliar with the area, pooor driving skills, driving barefoot, rude, etc.
The last time I took Via I unfortunately missed my appointment due to it taking 30 minutes to go to the PATH. Which is typically a 10 to 13 minute ride on the NJTransit bus. With that I’ve lost my trust with Via since it takes THREE TIMES as long to get to a place than it would to just to take the bus. 

Quite unfortunate since I used to love Via and would sing its praises. I hope they fix this soon :/
All person should prefer via over private cab because it is very convenient and cheaper then even MTA service or Path services
Great service…great price…very satisfied…Thanks…
I’ve used Via for the past 2 years and it’s been great I recently moved to West Sac and used it for work, idk what they did but now the range says it’s in San Jose!?!? Like what?? Then I called and asked if they changed it and the lady said no we still only drive in West Sac so I gave her my work address ( which is in West Sac, because I’ve been using it for the past year) and the lady goes “your location is out of our rang” so I asked again if they changed the route to something different and she said no we just can’t pick you up in the address you are asking to be picked up at like I’m in West Sac why can’t I get picked up I had just used it that morning to get to my work and all of a sudden it’s not in range anymore??? Like make that make sense
Highly reccomend
She was wondering
Everything was great! Pick up time and the driver was smiling the whole time!!
Scott was extremely helpful. Wish him good luck
Won’t let me create account because of “technical issues”
I still want Metro to bring back Metro bus 46 between Shrewsberry metro train station to Mercy South hospital
VIA Metro exceeds my expectations in a plethora of ways. This is by far the most reliable, cleanly, efficient and affordable service I’ve had the opportunity to use, being the reason I use VIA Metro daily. Every driver I’ve encountered has been exceptionally professional and kind. I rate this a 10/10.
The driver was very nice and friendly and got to the destination in a timely manner.
Currently the payment system for the app is down. Hopefully it will be fixed soon.
Driver was outstanding. Made the ride very safe and comfortable
Easy to use and nice driver!
Best transit-on-demand service. Thank you City of West Sac for bringing us Via!
They still suggest to take the bus for certain routes, which is not the reason I downloaded this app for
Big time cool man, made travel easy
Most time busy but had a couple great drivers
Quick, inexpensive, and safer route for you to get around the area!
This app is super easy to use! The process is prompt and the rides are inexpensive.
Joseph was attentive, loaded my walker up, without being asked, pulled into the driveway, so I didn’t have to walk so far with my walker. He was kind and considerate and talk to me on the way over made me feel really good. Do you need more people like Joes, and working for Villa.
David is professional and kind! All of the drivers have been outstanding. Love Via when I need it
Not too bad an app but I think they just recently stopped taking Mastercards, neither of mine are working as well as my roommate’s bank card isn’t accepted. How they want to run a “public service” but not take cash or certain debit cards is hard to fathom. Yes, do hope this business fails soon but I’m happy for the people it is helping.
Thanks
They never pick you up just right where you’re at, you’re told to walk somewhere else.. and the directions are never clear
Very easy to use. Affordable. Had a pleasant driver. Highly recommended. Now…if they’d expand the service area a bit; it would be perfect!
Nice
No one is helping me I want to book via but help me with my account
First time taking this cab service. This is awesome. Great job everyone.
The via app is good until u really need to go somewhere and they are out or drivers
Carlos is a great driver 👏
He was very respectful and gave great service.
the best driver lovely and beautiful person
1st time rider - worked like a charm!
If you’re going for a leisurely outing where time is not a factor, feel free to book. If you HAVE to be somewhere at a certain time DO NOT book with Via. Rides are cancelled after waiting 20+mins and there’s just nothing to be done. Customer service is unable to help out reach their drivers. Stick with Lyft/Uber. You’ll thank me.
Great
Good job
I had been using this service since the beginning and there have been some recent changes that cause unpredictable drop off times and sometimes circles in the same area. I can't use this service when I don't have at least one hour free time, if you're in a rush try another ride share.
I enjoy the cheap ride fair, but they never drop me off where I pinpoint to im always having to walk a certain distance to get where I need to like if I wanted to walk I would’ve done do in the first place. The app makes it so hard to get back in when u log out I write down all my passwords so I never forget them and when I go to redownload the app and log in with the password I kept it says “the email or password isn’t cutting it” I tried all the passwords I could have possibly used none of then worked, I even tried to log into my sisters acc so I decided to try and do forgot password they sent me a temporary password to use bruh not even the temporary password works like whats the point of having an option to forget password if the temporary password they send doesn’t work either the app is trippin or whoever coded this app has a few bugs to fix
Good and friendly driver. Super sweet.
Since you guys have made changes to your service it has made getting a Via very dangerous to get to your pick up point . I have to cross a very busy street and walk almost mile to my pick up point . Why can’t my pick up be at the end of my street with out crossing a very busy street. You guys need to look at this again and make it safer for pickup spots now .
The driver made my trip to work a pleasure. I really appreciated her thoughtful kindness. God bless👸🏽
Not a bad ride, they should really get the navigator in check and the corner to corner is wack. I work for a hospital and it should take me to the hospital instead it will have the app direct me to the middle of a subdivision and I feel unsafe due to the pick up point is in the middle of a two way intersection sometimes. I will have to flag my driver down and most drivers are very understanding of this but some will drive past me and if I am not at the exact pick up spot they will keep driving and not even stop.
I do not get why via always routes my drivers through the cemetary, which is a block way. Please fix the via route, this is genuinely messed up.
🫶🏽am
Initial pickup area keeps saying it’s out of the service area despite my friend being next to me able to choose it. Then, app gave me instructions to scan QR code but then the driver told me there was nothing to scan. Then, I tried to add my friends to my ride but it kept freezing and would not let me add them to the ride and the driver would not let me take them. Too complicated to use.
The via services are awesome! But the app is not so good.
Such a great service—reliable, affordable with very nice drivers. I wish it was available on Sundays!
This service is really great…especially because the service is non existent in the Florissant area after a certain time when I get off work. Amazing service!
Can’t beat the price best ride share app
Loved it! Will use often!!
Very convenient, cheap and efficient mode of transportation.
App is smooth and efficient. Similar to other ride sharing apps like Lyft and Uber
Incredible service for rides/shuttles in Silicon Valley for a very affordable cost!
The via service in Cupertino is great! It’s reliable and affordable. I have shorter waits for rides with via than with Uber or Lyft.
My mom can’t drive because of medical conditions and Uber was running her pockets dry, via has helped her save money and give her reliable rides. Only complaint is sometimes the drivers can be wild and one time had their kids in the car being crazy. Otherwise it has truly been a savior for her.
My driver Sarah was friendly and prompt. I’ll definitely be riding again soon .
Frustrated to know the systems down I need via for for hair cut appointments and it’s been very difficult the last day due the system but hope they fix it
Very sweet and keep me company!
Via a is great and convenient
Thank you so much and appreciate for bring me the great ride with good price.
Had a great experience in Arlington with a very friendly driver
If you like unexpected surprise tours and get dropped off blocks from your destination choose via!
When you have plenty of free time this app is perfect n cheapest But when you are in rush hours and if you need to be on time to your college or office then I remember don’t prefer this app
would not use this app if i didn’t have to. for multiple reasons, i cannot drive and live in a city that has via as a public transportation alternative. the first issue: it’s impossible to get picked up/dropped off at exact locations. you will be expected to cross a busy 6 lane street or even walk down the service road of a highway. this is incredibly inconvenient and dangerous in some cases. there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to get picked up directly from a grocery store or shopping plaza that has its own address. the second issue: the pickup estimation time. book a ride that’s estimated to take 20 minutes? expect to be waiting well over an hour. is your driver 5 minutes away? well they’re actually already here and you better be ready to run out of your house to catch them before they drive off.
A certain driver, name beings with L, rhymes with Dawrence, has the driving skills of a wet cardboard box.
I’m 81. I don’t drive anymore. Via takes care of almost all my transportation needs. The drivers are very helpful and friendly I am so happy that Via is here.
Arlington TX needs a real bus system. Via simply isn’t reliable enough. It doesn’t even run on Sundays. Right now it’s Friday afternoon and the app refuses to book a ride for me due to high demand. The other day I booked a ride and it tried to make me jaywalk across one of the busiest streets in town to reach my stop. We’ve never had a bus system, and Via is better than nothing, but that isn’t saying a lot.
I jus really want tic thank u whoever designed this concept this service ;of 😁getting us home like right to our front door.Jus wanted u to know U R Deeply Appreciated beyond measure I be having groceries  too lol
It is convenient ans i understand for home addresses they are not allowed to get to close but it is so unreasonable to drop someone off so far from a walmart or a shopping center, these are not home addresses and they are public spaces someone can properly be dropped off without having any trouble
First time  was great
It’s been steadily increasing it’s price over the past year but that’s to be expected when a product gets traction. I don’t like how long it takes for the drivers to get to your location but that’s more of a driver problem than a app problem, isn’t it? Great app, through and through.
Smooth. Nice driver. Nice soft music.
I love dem it take ah while free ride doe n da drivers or really kind.
Greatness
Easy to use! Friendly service!
Excellent service
First time ride the car came within few minutes of booking , comfortable clean and made friends with a fellow passenger and we exchanged phone numbers. Ride was pleasant and dame cheap
The app and the service work really good.  The drivers and fellow passengers have all been very friendly.

My only minus is that I can’t seem to get the function to add a custom tip to work on my phone.  Every time I click it, it resets to $0.00 without letting me save the custom value.  It could just be user error, though
Mid
I love the app but the only problem I have is that sometimes they give me pickup locations that are really far away. I had to walk two streets one me time to my pickup locations and today I lost my ride because I took too long to get there because it was a street away. Besides that, it’s a great service.
Good concept of sharing ride at an affordable price!
I’ve had some really good drivers, friendly too. Please hire more drivers. My son had his rides cancelled 5 times on one day.
I’ve been taking Via since it started and very grateful that Jersey City brought this service to our City. However, there are times the wait times are extremely slow and numerous cancellations. The idea is to really get more drivers and vans so that everyone can benefit from using Via.
The app is convenient & helpful in a pinch but I wish the gps worked better. It makes it hard for both the driver & rider to find actual pickup spot. Also wish the call feature actually worked. Anytime there’s a problem and you try to call the driver it won’t go through. So annoying.
The app says that it needs 10-30 minutes but actually its double or triple that , if u wanna use this transportation order before a good time
This platform is halfway between Uber and your local bus route. You meet your driver on a major intersection like you would a bus but you order it like an Uber. Great concept and implementation.
Best drive I have ever had !!!!!
Via Cupertino. The app is easy to navigate, I found out that it is important to continually check the app after you book the ride. I missed my first ride because the driver arrived 10 minutes early. I rebooked the ride and hung out on the corner for 15 minutes so that I wouldn’t miss it again. I’m meeting a friend for an early dinner 4 pm and turns out Via only runs till 5 on Saturday so I should have driven myself. 🫤
Get my destination safely.
The app can be a little slow at times, but still worth the savings not to use the other Rideshare services😊
I love the concept of the service. It’s a great idea if it works, but in this case I’m giving it 1 star. Via needs a higher standard for hiring drivers. Some of them are great but far too many are downright scary to drive with. It’s a crap shoot as to whether my 12 minute ride will be a roller coaster or a chauffeured limo where I’m not holding on and hoping we don’t hit another car. Also, the wait times are awful. They say you’ll be picked up within 15 minutes on average, but it’s more like 40 minutes and that’s if you don’t get bumped to another vehicle which delays your trip or you get a text saying your driver is delayed and it tells you to cancel your ride if like. As I said, the concept is great but the transit needs to go in house or hire another company who can do it better and with integrity.
I was amazed by the kind and friendly the driver was. Excellent service 💯 love it. 👏👏👏🥰🥰
EXPAND THIS PROGRAM AND GIVE FREE RIDES FOR THE FIRST MONTH OF ADVERTISING AND IT WILL BE A MAJOR SUCESS FOR OUR COMMUNITY AND A S.
Great service!
My driver was very nice and Professional. This is a great way to get around without breaking the bank.
Jorge r both Jorge and Luis h and also Adan and also Julio are all good drivers thank you via for giving me the opportunity to drive with them they are the best nice and smooth ride
The destination is always right. But the pickup location varies, and puts my driver to have to stand in the middle of a big street!

I always place the location inside of a parking, but I commonly have to run over to my ride and quickly hop in. 

Otherwise, good service, nice drivers, nice cars.
They say an estimated time which they’re always late to, if u have somewhere to be like an appointment I totally say not to use this app.
WORST TRANSPORTATION TO EVER EXIST! i was promise a ride by 3:20 and had a interview at 3:40 and via driver delayed 20 minutes and i missed my entire interview… driver allegedly arrived but i went outside and there wasnt any via driver outside on the street that it was allegedly supposed to be on. not only that they are extremely unsanitary they stuff 7-8 people in a small mini van as if covid and other things dont exist. would no recommend would give -0 stars if i could
I am happy that in my city we have such amazing service
This is one of the best features about living in West Sacramento! I just dropped my car off for service and caught a ride home with VIA. I can get things done at home instead of waiting for my vehicle. It’s so convenient and easy to use.
I tried to contact via many times but never got any answer. Worst customer support service
Via On Demand is a great way to get around Birmingham.  Excellent value and service.
Francis was a very friendly driver, I would drive with him again..
Ms. Ashley was polite and friendly. Great service! :)
This van service has made it possible for me to get much needed chores and errands done around town.  Without this service, I don’t know what I would do!
Love Via and the app! Finally decent transportation in Arlington.
Thank you via out of all the Rides I took with your service. This guy is the most friendly, responsible etc I be encountered with your business. If Iam going to say something about via drivers let me say the good only until the bad is  bad enough to report. But if you could clone this guy he’s a Great benefit to via. Thanks again.
I’m impressed with this service!
It was a fun ride, quite, and clean. I just might have overlooked information that the ride drop individuals near location and not at the location. It’s good for safety measures but over all it was a good ride.
Good for community.
Just book and ride, I like this service. It helps you go to the nearest link light rail station easily
If you had rides on Sunday, that would be great!
Very convenient!
I live in an area where there is only one bus that takes me to the train, and it is very easy to miss it. It also takes forever to arrive, but the Via app has saved me from the stress countless times since it picks me up near my house and takes me straight to the train! Many drivers are quick to arrive too even when they are miles away! Love it!
I had the pleasure of riding with Margaret Davis, Wow what a very nice Young lady, very Friendly and very Professional. After my no show 1st via driver DID NOT SHOW, which I was very upset waiting 45 to 50 minutes. But Via credit my 2nd ride with Margaret. Thank You Margaret & Thank you Via…I am a Regular rider also…Thanks for Turning my fown into a Smile again..🙂
This is very useful for people that can not drive or do not have a car 👍
Please
I have used Via at least 20 times over the past year. When it works as intended, it is great. That happens about 50 percent of the time. 

There have been problems when waiting for a driver. There have been at least four times that I clearly remember where I ordered a ride and then the driver starts going the other way. 

Today I used Via. There was a 20 minute wait. It took 30 minutes. When the driver picked me and another passenger up, the navigation had us going in circles. We were able to figure it out on our own. We added another passenger in the small SUV. With the SUV already full, the driver got another request. On my ride alone, she had to be on the phone with VIA support twice. 

I don’t think these are an anomaly but more systematic issues. 

I do sometimes get drivers who hand hold their phones while navigating. All Via drivers should have phone mount devices.
I had to suddenly get a ride and Via definitely came thru, the app is so easy to use and the ride was smooth and the driver was excellent!
My driver was punctual, humorous, courteous, & kind. This is the best service available in the city!
i have had way too many bad issues with via and ive been using it for two years now. this is the most inconvenient ride share app ever. if you need to go to work, you have to at least order it an hour before you need to be there because you will be late. not only does the app pick up random rides when someone is about 30 minutes away without the driver confirming it but someone these people CANNOT DRIVE. today i wanted to come home from school. EASY. ive been picked up here a billion times. but after standing and waiting for 20 minutes, the via is near my school im happy but then they continue to go the wrong way TWICE. they need people who can actually use their gps and maps because i swear its not that hard. thought this was gonna be a cheap and convincing way to get from point a to point b but this app is so inaccurate that it hurts. they never drop me off exactly where i need them to. they've dropped me off in front of random peoples houses down the street from my house on multiple occasions. i rather spend an extra $5 for a uber if it means i get a better experience through a rideshare and thats that.
We started using Via recently. So far it’s very safe n convenient. Customer service easy to reach.
But be sure do not leave any items behind when get off at destination. We left something n did not find it later.
#BigLove to All the great Via Drivers
Jorge is phenomenal!!! Very dependable, very trustworthy, always friendly & helpful! The app has issues quite often sadly & makes it unable to book a ride. But when you can, the driver is dependable!
To be the only thing as a transport ion in Arlington it’s okay, it’s more expensive than a bus would be and the drivers sometimes take too long getting to you. Then you have others who go above and beyond. The customer service is inconsistent. But overall Via is as good as it gets.
Can’t beat curbside pickup from someone that knows the neighborhood intimately.
Excellent service
Had a great conversation
It’s more convenient and safer to ride Via than the bus!
Excellent service
Wish the zones were more open but can’t complain really! The service really helps! Glad it’s in my town
He was so sweet and good driver
Contestant problems since I got the app driver’s are close to dangerous sometimes the way they drive they have in car cameras for what idk but I saw one covered with tape or other objects plenty of time drivers are almost always late ig if you aren’t in a rush it’s a good idea
The drive was amazing and it went so smoothly I love that they have this app especially because it’s better than taking a bus and it’s faster.
I’d be really convenient if for organizations you could order a via for you and other people so you can all go in the same vía. Like if three people from the same organization want to get a via together, I’d be nice for there to be a way of ordering for 3 and sort of putting their accounts down but for one phone only. Similar to Uber ride share

Best,
David
Nice alternative!
Expand the hours of operation. Sometimes drivers stop four, five blocks away from the usual pickup. You can’t cross that distance on foot even if you sprint so imagine with bags too, come on man! 

There are plenty of good drivers and the overall app design needs an overhaul because it doesn’t take the shortest route possible for all the future riders. (as someone who rides often)

Good start but hopefully not the end of improvement!
I’ve been using via for a year now and it’s great the only thing is driver communication. There needs to be a way to call my driver when the app doesn’t update or when I can’t find the vehicle at the pickup location. Also when the driver is early sometimes it’s doesn’t notify me right away and I miss my ride and have to pay for that ride. There should be a check in to see if I’m ready when they are early and if I’m
Not they can put me on another ride. A
Pick up really nearby wherever you’re. Drop off really nearby you live/place you go.
Affordable and very convenient!
You
I’ll try and keep it short. Rides cancel leaving you waiting so long you could walk to your destination faster. (I’m being serious). App says best fare prices. That’s a lie. It’s a minimum of $1 more than other companies. Just not a fan of this app. Hope they do better in the future.
Excellent ride, very good driver
Friendly driver, has a great conversation too.
Thanks! Got the flight 🤗
This was my first time taking the Via and I have to say it was pretty seemless. The first driver I requested didn’t come but the second one came on time abs get me to my destination on time. I must say I it took roughly 40minutes to arrive!
Always a pleasant experience with Via
Great driver. Very helpful!
Via seems not as well known as some of its competitors but I routinely find that they have better pricing and lower wait times than the other services. Plus, the drivers are the best!
Wanda was friendly and knowledgeable
Awesome service and great driver
Perfect. Late night ride homr
Quick driver 👍🏽
Generally reliable, dependable and courteous! Been using it for most of a year. We recommend it.
Very unreliable and they take a long time. The only public transportation in Arlington. It pretty cheap and gets to wear you want to unlike a train or bus.
Great
If u have issue with uber and lyft use this app much cheaper than uber and lyft
Sweetest woman and very cool
Horrible app to use better off with Uber or Lyft.
Just being honest.
The drivers have been excellent. Very friendly and helpful.  I just wish there were more of them out there.  I did have to wait an hour before a ride was available. However, the driver, Toni, was punctual, understood my need in the wheelchair. Drove professionally and was extremely polite.
Mohamed was amazing! He really took care of our family and was so helpful.
Good idea, but missed the mark completely. My Lyft wasn’t working so I decided to try Via and I’m unimpressed. I literally called friends to call rides for me to avoid using this app because it’s just disappointing and makes me late for everything. Calling a ride takes forever as you go through the process of putting in your addresses for it to tell you they’re too busy and make you start all over. Why can’t you just leave the addresses in and let me try again? 

For a shared ride, these are way more expensive, longer waits, and less available than private rides. Living in DC, a super active city, it’s a hassle to have to wait 20-25 min for each ride and then have to walk to meet them. There’s also the safety issue of catching them at night. As a young female living in the city, it’s not cool to have to walk 4 blocks at 2 am after a long night out. 

In Summary, this app needs:
More drivers
Closer meeting/dropoff spots
Door dropoff for late night rides
Shorter pickup times 
Cheaper shared rides
More convenient interface
My go-to for transportation is VIA. Always enjoy using this app more than Uber.
Each driver has a unique story as to why they drive. The rides are quick and professional but most of all safe. Thanks Via and each driver partner. 🤟🏾🎊🎁
This was the 3rd time that a rider was added to my ride without the allotted amount of seats for it to be safe enough to travel without the fear of spreading or catching covid from another individual. The second time it happened I reported it to support and was told “they were adding more passengers to rides in order to deter traffic.” So the health and safety of their passengers and drivers isn’t as important as reducing “traffic.” Mind you, this was happening in the midst of the ongoing pandemic. I thought the situation had been resolved since then, but clearly it has not, and passengers are still being forced to have to practically sit on top of one another. Via, do better.
I have taken many VIAs, had many drivers. This driver was exceptional and truly exemplified customer service!! I wished more of the drivers had his compassion and dedication!
My driver was awesome!
Great driver! Very kind!
This has honestly been one of the best things that has helped me move around here. Its so affordable!
Loved my 2nd Via experience. Happy customer visiting from Miami
Sometimes the app doesn’t fit the screen in terms of length
Since the ride share monthly passes vanished, this app has become more expensive than uber. When compared side by side, the “shared” rides cost the same as a private ride in an uber! They either need to bring back the monthly passes or their customers may just hop on back to other platforms like uber or lyft.
Very friendly ☺️
And helpful, polite, very clean car
Nice job
Excellent, convenient and affordable transportation! Much appreciated!
Had a great ride with little wait time.
I didn't get a ride the first time but the second I tried it out of the blue and got a ride !
So far great service.Greatest thing ever for the handicapped   Great drivers and call center people
Fantastic and nice local guy.
Via is great. I’m a nurse and the service excellent. The minor issue would be to confirm is drivers in the morning are on duty or off duty.
Good driving and very nice
Thank you for your patience and waiting on my son! 🙏🏾
Very clean car and great personality.
Cheapest option to get from point A to point B! I’ve saved so much money this past two weeks since downloading the app. Better than Uber and Lyft prices!
Our driver was great! Stuck in traffic and I was freaked out, he maintained his composure and we got there on time!
Nice stroll through town and get to places for errands for a great price!
This is THE best means of transportation in the city! Always a great experience!
Courteous great car clean,  comfortable, cool temperature.  Really hood ride.
Sophie was prompt, reliable, kind and so helpful. She went above and beyond to help me with my bags and my 91 year old mom when she picked us up from JFK. Her car is also impecable and so are all the amenities she offers. I would highly recommend her. Thanks Sophie!
I live in a medium sized city without public transportation, but they have Via at low rates as a city compromise. I like hearing that drivers are paid a good wage, and the system is just very convenient to have. Getting off night shift sometimes I don’t trust myself driving. So having the service helps me get to my university classes and more safely.
And for the most part the drivers are terrific.
This company is a scam and I DO NOT recommend. As we all know, you are required to have one card on file at all times with your account. Sounds normal right? No problem at all.

The issue comes in with Via not allowing you to remove an additional cards over that one default card that is required. So if you’ve used 2 or 3 additional cards, the app will not allow you to remove them. The app claims it cannot remove them due to “signal issues” but yet the app still manages to request rides and updates your location just fine with those same “signal issues.”

Pretty crummy that want to hold customers financial information like that. I recommend sticking with Uber and Lyft. Trusted, tried and true. The little guys like Via are not worth it all. Much more trouble than they’re worth. Not to mention the issues with customer data, privacy, etc.
First time and loved the experience and the driver
I tried to service because the app said I get 5 rides free. Guess what it wasn’t… I was charged. When I contacted customer service to get it refunded they only refunded 2 rides. And I keep on contacting them to get my other rides refunded but they keep saying “technical issues” for weeks. Very frustrating customer service and the app itself.
En verdad es muy buena y económica
My driver was cautious yet got me to my destination in a timely way. Very polite & accommodating. WONDERFUL trip!
Via made the pickup complicated and our driver got it right! Thx!
It’s a really great app but just needs to fix the arrival time
I love the ease of riding with Via. I've never had a bad experience, the drivers were courteous and fast, and their vehicles are always clean.
It all started when we (my girlfriend and I) were in the drive through line at the local Burger King getting an impossible whopper because she’s a vegetarian. She accidentally ordered fries of course. We don’t really like Burger King fries because they sometimes resemble fries that you would see in a school lunch. While in line (at the Burger King) we noticed we were behind a vehicle with the branding of the hit popular ride share app “via”. The van itself looked amazing. Simple yet elegant. The only thing that really ticked us off was they WOULD NOT turn off their back window wiper!!! It very much annoyed us due to the back window already being clean! HOW CLEAN DO YOU NEED THE WINDOW TO BE AM I RIGHT?!?!? Anyway that’s all. I won’t give a van number or identification because I’m not a dirty snitch. Thanks. MUAH 💋
If you looking to get home as efficient and if possible fast, forget this service. Drivers aren’t efficient with the routes, even if they have navigation infront of them. They still go around routes. If you have expected arrival times… good luck to that if you actually get drop off as expected. Even if there is an expected time of dropoff, it would mostly likely get extended due to different circumstances, like a new pickup while enroute. And lastly, if your “fortunate” to get a driver who is from out of state (ex: NY plate) and depends on navigation apps, you’ll probably get to your destination even longer. Unfortunately, this scenarios are not hear says but rather my personal experiences multiple time and even consecutive rides. And lastly, if you require assistance through there “live chat”, good luck to you in getting a response right away… how is this assistance chat titled “live” yet you’re not sure if your going to get a response back even
Fast, safe, efficient, comfortable, and well worth the cost! Enjoy via every time in NYC!
I’m thankful this app exist due too it’s more affordable than Uber/Lyft and the service is great. Yes, Arlington does have public transit. Via is the app. The only con is that Via is not available on Sundays.
When I first started using this App I was it’s biggest fan. Even over the years as the prices increased and service started to deteriorate I still recommended the app to friends and family and continued to be a big fan. But over the past year and a half between the prices and the fraudulent activities of the driver I can’t do this anymore‼️‼️ I was standing in front of the building watched the driver drive by sit at the light send me an alert that my ride would be leaving soon take the light and put my ride in progress. If this was the first time ok but it has happened on many occasions I  am so over via my last ride will be when I spend my last bit of ride credit Bye Via 👋🏾
<<33
Very good service
I was unable to remove my credit card from the app. It does not give you an option. You can add a credit card number.
Via is a great alternative to Uber and Lyft with much more affordable prices. Use my code deana7f8ca to sign up and find out! 

In all seriousness their prices are much better but you may have a longer wait time. So just plan accordingly and start saving money.
Great service!
I always have a much better experience with Via than other ride share services. It’s my go-to.
Thank you so much!
Great pleasant ride
Good app good service
The title is the body of my review via is a very good service most of the drivers are extremely good and polite some of them are very much fun to speak to and the prices can’t be beat they’re the best prices in all of New York City thank you so much for Via
Could use improvement in map functionality.
Every time I get a via they never come to the right address they're always late and there's always an issue once I get in there I got two vias in one day and they never came
Awesome service!
It was a great experience being in Sherpas Cab
Great driver ! Great choice of music !
Lights and music made it a fun ride
Courteous driver knew where he was going
Registered for an account using usual credit card and other info. One day later can’t login to the app due to “billing issues” and have to email them. They request copies of my drivers license and credit card to “help”. Sounds like a scam, told them to just delete my account.
Cheap rides and nice people
This app was referred by a friend and I love it. Cheaper than Uber and Lyft most times!!! You won’t regret downloading this one!!! I use this all the time and I referred all of my friends
Literally so friendly great experience
Where to start where to START

I mean from the unprofessionalism of the drivers and the customer support team who literally gets paid to do NOTHING. I’ve been riding with via for a few years now and literally no issues have been fixed. What I can’t wrap around my head for the complete life of me is why?? The city pours so much into other things and ONE thing that was actually good for the community is garbage juice! The wait times are inaccurate I see drivers just sitting there which most times causes you to be late to your destination. I’ve lost a few items that were never recovered to me. It’s just a whole crap show that doesn’t get better! If you have another choice, spare yourself this tragedy!
A+
I wish the app would better recognize typed in street names.
Great!
It’s the best way to get around the city. More affordable, more environmentally friendly, and way better routing than Uber/Lyft. The best deal for me is the monthly 10-pack, but they also have bigger packages for heavier users.
Exceptional, nice, and careful driver. Car is very nice and clean
I am a loyal customer for over 6 years. A great start and through many changes strive to maintain quality service. Gail UES
Compassionate and professional.
An absolute champion
The trip experience will depend on the driver and car service you hire. Outside of that Via as a company is great!!
Courteous and clean car.
Quick pick up and amazing driver. Made it from JFK to LGA in no time. My favorite ride app!
Easy to use, clean cars, and affordable rides. Wonderful!
Clean, prompt cars, pleasant drivers, and drop offs and pickups close by.
I had tried giving this app another chance after having dealt with a rude driver beforehand. But I was left just recently at a destination and was put as a “no show.” What’s funny about it is that, I was actually on the phone with the guy AND I told him I finally saw him on the side of the destination. And VIA is taking their sweet time responding. Yeah, don’t use this app if you don’t want to be left and called a “no show.”
Are you kidding me dawg? I use Via a lot. My company gives me a stipend that I can only use with Via. The pickups are so unreliable. I have multiple multiple times called a Via, the estimated pickup time was 4 minutes, but then waited over 20 minutes in the NYC freezing cold. I’m writing this as I’m waiting for a pick up in the freezing cold. The pickup estimation needs to be better.
Polite and professional
ive been using the app for a couple of years. it was great before covid when they did shared rides. it was perfect combination to subway and bus. hopefully this will come back after Covid. Use the Coupon for Free $10 code: joseph8u4
the app is a very sketchy driving service, they are always late. the other night i was with my sisters and they only allow 2 ppl max but something happened and i needed to get home with them, my via wasn’t working keep in my we are teens, i ask the man if i could please go in bc it was seriously urgent, he said no and got really upset i even offered to pay he left me in the dark at 2 in the morning and he didn’t care. this app is not good for ppl that wanna get to a certain place at a certain time. this app or whatever is not worth the wait. there was also a time me and my friend took a via to go back home and then when we arrived to her street he just kept driving and the map on his phone was also showing he missed it he was berry aware of it bc he kept looking at it. ,
 i didnt know what to bc he wasn’t listening to me then after about 5 mins of telling him that he passed he just pulled over and dropped us off to a completely different destination.
Nice dude
I love everything about Via: its brand, its unique mission, its app and its drivers. Thank you
Great
They’ll charge you for rides THEY CANCELED and won’t let you use the credit on your account, looks like I’m going to have to dispute this with my bank
Very professional and kind. Asked where I would prefer to be dropped that was best for me and had a very clean car. Excellent driver!
Via is cheap and good. Not fast.
Smooth ride
I was always late on the trains but now thx to via I’m always on time or early. The drivers  are great down to earth people.
My main problem with it is the app. The drivers are great! They try their best to get to you, and they almost always get 5 stars from me. The app, on the other hand is terrible. 

Let’s say you want to go to a place that is a 10 minute drive away. It can take as low as 14 minutes to almost an HOUR to get there. It is inconsistent, annoying, and it has made me late countless times. 

My advice, if you want to use this app, call your ride 30 minutes plus how long it takes to drive there from when you need to get there. That seems to be the balance. If you don’t want to ever be late, add 10 minutes to that. 

The customer service? From what I’ve seen when I rated this, the top 5 ratings were 4 ones and 1 two. All of them with service issues, and not ONE reply or any feedback. None of them has had updates or edits telling what happened. Some of these ratings happened 1 YEAR AGO.

Overall, good idea, good drivers, horrible customer service, inconsistent and bad app. There are much better options.
Sometimes this app just does t work from bugs, people, etc. other times it works perfectly.
This is the most insanely unreliable ride app I’ve ever tried. The only reason I use it is because it accepts a company commuter card that Uber and Lyft currently do not in the pandemic. I constantly deal with rides being dropped. You find a ride, book it, wait 5 minutes, and then get a message that “oops you’re driver can’t make it, so sorry!”  Rinse and repeats 5 times until you’ve been trying to get a car for a half hour and finally give up and walk home.
Here’s my code: amar8i3
Very nice driver and courteous driver.
If you want your first ride free use the code usman7y5. Via is a great app for getting from location to location. I found that the rates on Via are the lowest out of all the ride apps!
Good
Awesome service
Smooth driver. Much appreciated.
Great drivers, nice cars, excellent customer service, and fun deals! My address never sticks on the app, but that’s OK!
Great
Map needs updating
Dropped my daughter to her location smoothly, with a smile!
Love this Via app!!! Definitely come in handy
Very useful
Thanks!
Love the app but I wish the app had a more accurate auto location and memory of last search location address.
When I originally booked via I got message the cost would be $16 something. I just read my bill Which said trip started at $20 something. 

Please explain. Thank you 

Have entered several nicknames and all taken
A friend told to me about this but never used till now. Really like it. The price is very affordable and the service is great.💚
So happy for this feature. Sometimes the waits are long but it comes in handy always.
Via is my choice over all other car services
User friendly. Very little overhead and simple to navigate.
This service is used to fill a lack of bus and transportation service around my city for people who can afford the cost of frequent Uber/Lyfts. You will get picked up and dropped off later than the time stated, like add an extra 5-110 minutes both in waiting and travel. Just keep that in mind when getting a ride.
I love this service it’s cheap and sick. Super useful but man. I’ve had a ride and never had a problem until today. I picked a ride that was a two minute wait, only to wait for an hour. Like Is there a rider priority I’m not seeing it did the driver get lost. On the map she was driving all over the place. At the rate it took her to come get me I could’ve walked home quicker. At the very least she could’ve cancelled my ride so I could have found a different ride, cause u couldn’t afford to cancel it myself.
It kept saying “no zone” but after I finally found a zone where I could ask for the ride it went back to “ no zone” apparently it’s not a service offered in GA, I don’t understand why they recommend it so much if it’s not for every state.
Fast and safe.
Takes very long time for VIA to arrive, since the Lockdown. 25 minute waits. You should let more Via drivers circulate please
Good driver
Great service. 
Great prices.
Great customer service 
✅✅✅
Mahmoud was so pleasant to speak with on my way to the airport. He made the experience of getting up well before dawn worth it!
Very functional
Amazin!
Great driver. Appreciated his great service.
Over charge, the ride will be 23.50 u end up paying 30.00 including the tax they put. Not only that worse experience I ever had today with a driver driving off in my face while I was waving in front of his car trying to unload my cart into the car... I Was charged for the ride. No money back! Reported it many times. Ended up stranded where he drive off at for 40 min due to the fact I spent my last change on the ride! I can’t express how much I DISLIKEEEEE THIS SERVICE!!
beatrice8j2

We both will get $20! Thanks :)
Very relaxing ride.
At first I liked the idea of this app but after today I can’t support it . This app has a fault security system and can not verify cards . I put my card info in multiple times (as asked)
& it saves successfully & when I went to go purchase my ride it said I needed validation. So I decided I’ll buy ride credit, purchased the ride credit and somehow, someway I needed to validate my Via Credits on the Via App ...So yea basically they just got free money from me
Super Friendly
Cheap rides and they’re nice, but it usually takes longer than they estimate.
Thanks y’all
Literally a dollar more then riding on a subway and yes it’s a share ride but you get top-of-the-line cars, great service and the best part ever; when they mess up they are always willing to give you a credit or a free ride because they obviously care about their customers and not second guess you.
Reasonable prices.
Great app. It’s drivers are usually pretty good, and the quality of ride generally does not disappoint. 

Original Review with title: 

Add a cancellation button! Prevent Ride Steals!

Either someone stole my ride, or the driver just inexplicably decided to mark me as picked up even though he hadn't -- but either way, I got a notification literally steps away from rounding the corner where I was scheduled to meet my Via ride, when I got the "enjoy your ride!" Notification.  
I was unable to cancel the trip (no option given in the app, and I looked!) as I stood in the pouring rain, watching my cab (via the app) move north without me, nor could I book another (as the app already thought I was in a ride). 

Before this happened, I loved this app and told everyone about it. It's often cheaper than both Uber(well, pre-drama) and Lyft and pretty comfy and quick. Add the cancel feature in (or a way to request refunds or make other complaints, like Uber has) and I'll up it to at least 4 stars (5 if match Uber's level for the trip options)
Great!!
Have been using Via for quite a few years. Excellent service and intuitive app.
Way more sanitary than regular public transportation! I love it, especially when in a rush to get to work
My pickup was fast, my ride was smooth, the trip was cheaper than all other apps.  What more could I ask for?  Oh yeah, that Via was available in my area.
Drivers are great. Cars are clean and enjoyable to ride in. Drivers respect being quiet when passengers do not want to talk. I have had many interesting conversations with the drivers.
"Little more than the cost of public transit."

It costs me $2.75 to take a bus and train to Grand Central Terminal from where I am in Queens. Via's rate at the moment is $35.87! Even LYFT is cheaper than that right now. Give me a break!
I rarely write reviews but Via deserves a 5 star review for customer service and innovative ideas. The cheapest price in the city (Chicago) for ridesharing !!! I use it everyday for my commute!
If you want to get free rides up to $20 use my code andrei3k4
I have been using VIA for over 6 years
The few times there were problems the people ay BIA accommodated me with an immediate refund.
The drivers are beyond wonderful -
The price is the absolute BEST-
You just can’t beat this incredible car service. Far superior to all the others !!
Thank you VIA for making my life so much easier in getting around & about 
Denise Baum
Absolutely love it. Today was my third time riding with them and it was great. Yesterday morning, my driver gave me a donut and had a conversation with me. Excellent customer experience. Very low priced. Highly recommend to anyone in JC, NJ/NYC,NY. You won’t regret it!!!
He was on time polite and friendly great for out of towners
I used to love ViA for their routing algorithm. Now they detour way too often