I was with a & year old daughter and we weee WAITING for TWO HOURS and this was the worst EXPERIENCE EVER in my life.
This app always logging me out i hate it .
The shared cab rides in via are notorious for spreading flu. Please take precautions- use air filters, open windows for 2-3 mins from time to time, mandate masks in the congested cab, sanitize the cab every 1 -1.5 hrs
The people are always on the phone as they drive like that’s unprofessional. 
The lady Willie Annette and male  Randal B are very rude the lady willle had somebody on the phone and disrespecting me as I was riding with her. I need to speak to somebody or I will be having a big discussion with VIA!
My app stoped working i dont even know why
It’s convenient when there is no other option sure. But the fact that the app will take away the option to buy a pass just randomly is frustrating since I use it for work and I have to spend $7 a day just to get back and forth to one destination. I’ll try and contact and it takes a week and 3 automated hangups and 4 emails to get an answer and even then it’s not a solution. Not to mention the fact they don’t have ACTUAL WORKING CUSTOMER SERVICE NUMBERS where you can speak to an actual human when you need to. You can’t get ahold of drivers anymore either. The pick up and drop off spots are also usually way further than where the actual destination is and the time consuming constant adding of pickups while trying to get to your destination on time.
Can never get a ride. If you can it’s usually late. 

Driver stopped in the middle of a busy 4 lane road to pick me up. Don’t waste your time they are the absolute worst.
I had scheduled a Via while on low battery life on my phone, and the car/driver was changed while my phone was dead without me knowing. When the original driver, Temetius, appeared, I was told that I had canceled and that I could not ride. I had to walk 2.4 miles out of my way to purchase a phone charger to find out that the alternate Via I had seen was meant for me before scheduling another pickup with Jacqueline, whose service was otherwise perfect. My complaint I suppose is with not explaining the circumstances properly to the driver.
The worst freaking ride service ever!
Everywhere I need to go in Arlington always seems to be out of their range. Not helpful.
Maps have to be updated a lot . 15 mins trip is taking 50 mins . There needs to be lot of improvements done on maps and routing . Nobody want to be in travel for 1 hr to reach destination 15 mins away .
Forgot my RECENTLY BOUGHT inhaler in the car and I called, emailed multiple times, no one got back to me. This happened a couple years ago but I am bitter enough now to review.
It’s fake you can’t book any ride
My bus was significantly delayed one morning and I used Via. The app assigned me a car that took detour to get to my destination with multiple drop offs and pick ups on the way. It was supposed to be a 5 min ride. I was late to work because of this.
The algorithm for rides used to be better. The routes and drop offs would make sense. Via took surveys a few months ago, and now the service is poor. They’ll drive you around the whole city before it gets to your destination. You would think the routes correlate with the riders’ drop offs, and they USED to, but not anymore. This happened directly after riders took surveys. At the end of the day, the timing doesn’t bother me. You don’t order a via if you’re in a rush or trying to get somewhere in a timely manner. The only thing that’s convenient about it anymore is the price. That’s the only reason I continue to use it. I hope they fix it.
I live in Arlington and I downloaded the app an tried to use it but it doesn’t work ! I tried to reach out to support and it gives me a error message ! I feel like it’s a scam ! It just wants your debit card info like all other scams !
They will accept your request for a ride, sit at a location for 20+ minutes, forcing you to cancel and find another ride; which I may add, you did not get your money back. When you go and try to report them through the website you have nonchalant, non-caring representatives that do not help you in anyway. do you now end abusing around $500 because I have to keep counseling as they all do the same tactic. They are not willing to fire anyone because nobody wants to work with them in the first place so they keep on hiring these bad drivers. Not to mention that a lot of them pick and choose on who they want to pick up and take them out of zone, inconveniencing you when you’re in the car. My best experience with via was probably in 2021,  after that, everything went down hill. you better off ordering an Uber.
this app is ridiculous. the eta times mean nothing, i’m late to work every single time i use this app. on the rare occasion i can even get a ride, it’s consistently 10-20 minutes late
I’m writing this app 1 star not because I had problems using it but because I couldn’t even sign up. When I first tried to sign up to use this app. It would not let me because my new phone number already had an account with a previous user. This would be fine if it wasn’t mandatory that you need a phone number to sign up. Plus there is absolutely no way you can contact this company about the problem. I can reset my password but it won’t allow me to reset my email in any way
I’ve never noticed someone stop traffic as many times as via drivers do. They stand in the middle of a small tight road with their hazards on and don’t move until some random person 150 feet away wave them down. I rode on one of these ONCE at night because I was so tired from school and didn’t want to walk home and it dropped me off 3 blocks away from my house and I had to cross a very busy road. That’s terrifying as a woman to have to walk home alone at night after hoping the transportation would be the safest option.
Literally tells me every time that the areas I pick are not from this zone as if the spot that I picked ain’t 5 mins away. Plus it doesn’t matter if I redownload the app or delete my account it still doesn’t let me pick a spot. This is so bad, like girl pick up your play🙄
Says they offer in New York, but currently do not. And I’ve been trying to delete my account since the first and I have gotten nothing. Such a stupid app/company
In an age when algorithms have easily figured how to estimate traffic flow, this app is ridiculously behind!! The actual pick up time is inevitably 15-20 minutes off from the ETA (and this is while it is operating in a 2-3 mile radius).
App is inaccurate. Unable to schedule appointments in advance. Driver didn’t arrive last time and I missed a medical appointment. This app should be pulled. It’s useless.
When it works, it’s ok. But it’s aggravating when I’m requesting a via, and it keeps referring me to a nearby bus route. I then have to keep requesting till it gives me a ride. It can’t take into account external factors. Suffice it to say, if I’m requesting a via there’s a reason. If the bus was an option I wouldn’t put in repeated requests. Not to mention the complete change for the tricities area was ridiculous and made via much more inconvenient.
This driver did not follow instructions and drop me off far from my location very unacceptable will share my experience on instagram very unprofessional and unacceptable service provided.
Waited extra 30min after the system text that says “driver will be arrive in 1min” And somehow driver indicated that they picked me up before they even got where I was waiting-then completely ignored me when they drove pass me. When contacted customer service they only give you back ride credit-no return of my payment.
The via service in Jersey city is pathetic.
Why? Some people book for 2 person and then 3person get in. Never on time. Either early or delay(most of the time). The algorithm for pick and drop is pathetic too. Even though I want to do rode share, I can’t with Via.

Just pathetic.
I haven’t fully read the complete lengthy user agreement but I did notice that in it is a provision that if you are killed, injured or otherwise suffer damages while using the municipally-affiliated Via service you cannot take your complaint to court and have it heard in a trial before a jury; instead by using the app you agree to have your complaint settled by an “independent” (yeah, right) arbitrator in New York. This is not anything a citizen of Arlington, Texas (nor any other Via-served town) should have his or her civic leaders force them into in order to use the town’s only public transportation service.
Somebody else is using my phone number for a via account and when I contacted customer service they did not offer any help. Very bad customer service. Do not use
3:30 in the afternoon, 110 heat index, Via insists that I walk 3 blocks to the pickup spot. I have ridden from the same store many times, first time I had to walk to be picked up.
The app is confusing. You have to be very diligent about indicating extra passengers or they will not take you where you need to go. When you tell the app your location they make you do tedious walking in the heat to meet the driver. It is too hot right now in Texas to do any tedious walking but I digress. I told the app where I needed to go but the GPS had the driver drop me off across the street from my desired location. It was during the lunch rush hour so I was not going to walk across the busy street. Luckily the driver was able to drop me off where I needed to be. Lastly, on my pickup from my lunch spot the driver didn’t know where I was even though he drove right past me. I called and tried re-directing him but he gave up and cancelled my ride. Leaving me stranded. I had to call a LYFT to take me back to work. I recommend not using this app because it’s confusing and inconvenient.
Unless you are absolutely desperate financially, do not use this app. Drivers do not care about the safety of their riders.
I’ve caught this service twice. Since then it pops up every error message on why a ride can’t be requested.
Via needs to be more careful when hiring drivers or something because most of them are the slowest people. I chose a driver one day it said it’d take 9 minutes when it actually took about 40. And then I find out it was because he decided to stop somewhere first instead of picking me up so because of their terrible drivers I was late to work.
I confronted a drive who had previously  erbalky accostef me
Literally the worse app to try to use. They claimed to have updated the service hours so I gave it a second chance downloading it. When I tried to set the ride they said it wasn’t any available. Tried calling and setting one up they told me my area wasn’t in the all day time zone even though it actually was. Literally a waste of time. I’ll stick to riding the bus or taking Lyft/Uber
Unprofessional, not on time, rude
Via should be very specific in where the rides are going. I was surprised that when we left society hill for my location drop off to journal sq that the driver went Bayonne for pick up. I though Via only serves Jersey City.
Probably one of the worst taxi service apps in TX
pls bring this app back metro flex is so buggy and it always crashes it’s such an awful app and the service is absolutely terrible too
the service is terrible and awful it’s not dependable at all!!!
Extremely hard to book a ride. If you do get a ride, expect to be 30+ minutes late each time.
literally one of the worst apps ever created for transportation. Highly unreliable and will offer you to take a bus before sending a driver.
Pickups, routes, and drop offs are all over the place. Inaccurate. Makes you walk several blocks for a pick up just to come back around and pass your house.
Service is very good, but I am senior citizen, to cross the and reach the stop is difficult for me.
Don’t take if you like being on time.
Have so many issues with the app. Today I got charged for the ride I didn’t get. The driver went past by me without picking me up and suddenly I got notified that I arrived at my destination. Sometimes they change my rider with too long wait hours and with different route. Even if we cancel the ride after that, they charge us 75% of the cancelled rides. This is too much.
Please fix the location problems ⚠️ 📍 
Sometimes I put the right location but the app automatically gets the wrong location..
This ride share service is the bottom or the barrel when it come to ride share, You’d rather call the taxi’s phone number to come pick you up… Via drivers a unprofessional and lazy. Lets say you request a ride and it says its 18 minutes away, Unless that driver is a about there money (which 8/10 all drivers are not) you will be waiting longer. Drivers will stop and take a break in the middle of your pick up and now your 15 minutes behind because of their inconsiderate behavior. Customer support is average and pointless they tell you stuff you already are aware of… there so much more I could vent whats wrong with this app, but im currently waiting on an LYFT because ive had 2 via drivers cancel on me and the last one decided to delay my ride. If i could give this app a 0 or negative I would be so happy to, but they are going to get a one star just because it works. This service thrives on minimal effort which is really unprofessional and trustworthy
Booked a ride at 29 mins wait 20 mins later it’s 27 mins wait.
Same day - Booked another at 21 mins wait 20 mins later it’s 23 mins wait.
They literally alters route of your ride to pick and drop more and more people to make more money and your ride may never arrive until next day. 
On the top of that they are closed on weekends.
I used to like taking this rideshare but not so much anymore. It's a 50/50 chance on what kind of driver you'll encounter. If you're in the Bay Area, I wouldn't drive with them past 3pm. The drivers are late and extremely rude. No kind of courtesy towards riders and completely ignore any request, such as turning on the heater. 

I'll go back to driving myself to work. I'd rather not deal with rude drivers and customer service workers who don't even care when you file a valid complaint.
Worst transportation you could use , you get what you pay for unfortunately
STUPID SERVICE
I don’t even know where to start. I missed my bus a while back and my mom was too busy and I had to be home by 3:00 so the late bus was out of the picture. I went onto via and it turned out MY street was out of zone and the nearest drop off/pickup was a 20 minute walk home, making it pointless to get a VIA in the first place… so disappointed and annoyed
Cars stinks and smells like filthy socks not only that but are extremely unprofessional
But this time, I really wanted you. Via just lost me as a costumer after several months of use. Yes, it’s cheaper. But it has so many other horrible qualities.

They pick up other people during your ride and before. So the estimated time they take to pick you up, multiply it by 2 or more. Then it says you’ll make it on time, assume you’ll arrive 15+ minutes late. I use it for work most often. I don’t recommend. I schedule my rides an entire hour earlier than I would like to leave the house and I am more than often still late. I hate it. 

No one wants to set aside hours of their morning for a ride service that unreliable & unpredictable.

Today is my last straw. I’m done. I don’t recommend to anyone.
I booked my Via today and my via driver didn’t even show up, he just started the trip without even me inside the car and i couldn’t even report this or do anything about it! because once the trip is started i couldn’t even contact my driver! pathetic services pathetic behaviour!
The ride was quick and pleasant. However the phone info desk needs more training so as to expedite the length of time waiting on hold. I wanted to get the discount for first time users, and the senior citizen discount, but could not over the phone.   There was no way to request these in the app either.
I’ve never written a review before about an app or anything for that matter, and this is literally the worst ride servicing app i’ve ever tried. Firstly I couldn’t get any rides but somehow other people were getting picked up in via cars in front of me at the bus stop, so there couldn’t have been no rides available in the area when I saw plenty. Then I finally got a ride after 15 minutes of repeatedly tapping the retry button, but it seemed that the driver kept getting farther away from where I was and stopped moving for several minutes, then just when the ride was 8 minutes away from me, it got cancelled. So I frustratedly tried to get another one and each time I saw one available somehow the seat got taken, this happened over 7 times, I eventually got on a bus because the app kept saying it couldn’t find any available rides and when it did, someone apparently took it 1.5 seconds after it appeared for me. I would rate this app zero stars if I could. Very disappointed, I was recommended to try this app because it was more affordable than lyft and uber, but I’d rather take those than ever try this again, waste of time (literally). Don’t try via if you have to be somewhere important at a certain time. Thankfully I didn’t try this to get to work.
Sadly.
the via app told me it would drop me off at a elementary school but it dropped me off in a completely random neighborhood and i got lost for 30 mins
never has driver and when it does they are always late. don’t bother wasting money on this app just get a car or walk
This ride service is great for areas where transportation is lacking. However, my issue is that I’ve often seen them in areas where public transport is easily and readily available. Additionally, they’re the worst drivers, worst than the jitney drivers in my area. They pull over to pick up and discharge their passengers is such a haphazard manner. This is done typically without any consideration of rules of the road, other drivers even mostly blocking egress for other drivers. Horrible! The others day a driver literally stopped at the intersection to discharge a passenger after making a left turn blocking the ability of other drivers to follow the flow of traffic causing them dangerously block the road!
I can’t use this app to go where I usually go, the app always says “out of zone”.
Deleted the app, it’s useless to me.
I hate via they take way to long they take your money I paid for a via pass which is $15 I paid for it on July 8 so used it July 10 I owed a $1 which I paid the next day that day I rode via twice when I came out of Walmart they had logged me out my via account and when I tried to log back in it kept saying something with the billing issue so I called via they kept telling me they didn’t know what was going on they was going to contact they support managers to see what’s going on they will give me a call we’ll that never happened I emailed them 6 times I have called 5 they said they same thing by time Friday came i had to pay for a new pass I said when you do activate my account again will I have to pay for another via pass I didn’t get to use the one I had they said they wouldn’t be able to give me credit or refund my money well here it it now week 2 Tuesday they said the reason I couldn’t used my pass because I owed a dollar July 10 lol really I said I have the receipt it was paid for they still went on about it took it off my card but didn’t give it to via at this point I’m so frustrated because I’ve been going at this for a min to the point the man that’s been telling me he can’t help me all week long say oh I’m going to activate your account and credit you $2 why the would you credit me $2 when I paid $15 and wasn’t able to use my account I recorded everything I hate that this is literally the only transportation around because I live so far out in west sac they need to stop robbing people and give better customer service
no service in the majority of places
Worst service always takes more than an hour to pick up
There should be a way to cancel a ride. Also, there should be a way to contact the driver directly. Those two features missing makes the app really frustrating
I’ve been using the service for about a year now and it’s beginning to give all kinds of issues now. I was charged twice for a ride today and they offered me no assistance with the issue
So unreliable. Will charge you and then not pick you up or make you wait an hour and cancel on you and make you late for work
Worst experience every thing this is waste think that have in Arlington
Pickup and drop off points may be in dangerous locations
Most Via drivers can NOT drive safely! All the ones i’ve had over the past year, drive on curbs, WAY above the speed limit, etc. Every single time I get on a Via, after a while of them driving terribly, I feel literally SICK TO MY STOMACH!! Won’t be using them after this.
Stuck in “out of area” when I’m with the service area. Very frustrating because this was so great getting to and from the train for work. Extremely disappointed. I reported it and the feedback was that it only works in the service area. I’m trying to use this from the Draper Station in Draper, UT during business hours…
This app does have better prices than the other cab apps. BUT the problem i have with this app is the drivers not answering their phones when they dont pull up to the right location. I was left stranded in the city around 3AM calling my driver and no one answered me. I didnt get home till two hours later because i took MTA and my phone died after canceling the first ride and getting a new one (which the second driver also did not answer) so one star for that.
I enjoyed the rides and they were very convenient when I was in the area, but it was a pain when I had to get in the area when my school was right around the corner (but a very tedious walking distance). Some of the drivers were willing to take me there regardless of me not being able to pinpoint anything in Webster Groves on the Via GPS, which is why I gave it 2 stars, but the other drivers took me as far as the Via GPS would go and barely more, even though they were seemingly allowed to go further. Then my 2nd issue, which is even bigger is……….I left my wallet in one of the Viacles (didn’t have money in it at all)………..but now it’s gone. What’s worse is that I called them for so many days and talked to so many different people just to eventually find out that my wallet wasn’t it their vicinity anymore (they customer service got extremely tedious after a while, so I tell you, PLEASE DO NOT EVER forget to turn around and check the seat before you leave the vehicle, PLEASE, because it is not worth not looking. It was my fault of course, but honestly, they could’ve helped me out and got it back to me). Oh and p.s. if you lost something, don’t try to email them, because they likely won’t respond at all.
Worst app on planet
Keeps saying “high demand, try again later” every time. I know it’s a lie and there are no drivers with this app or whatever. Just say there no cars and let me go find some other app 😂
One thing i don’t understand about the app is they never take you to your exact location. It’s always two or three blocks or an avenue away. They claim they aren’t able to drop you off the the address you entered. And when it comes to the price they ALWAYS charge you more that what they say the ride is. After every ride it’s always $5 extra added to my bill. If i could give this app 0 stars i would. WORST APP EVER!!!!!!!!
Awful routing. My driver turned around in the opposite direction to pick up someone on the other side of town. It added 20 mins to my original arrival time which was already 20 mins longer then a regular Uber. Making my 30 mins ride well over an hour and 10 mins. Customer service gave me an attitude and didn’t care. Delete the app. Don’t download it. Take the train, take a cab, take Uber or Lyft. Don’t use via.
Very nice and good driver but I messed up and couldn’t leave a tip
Es muy bueno pero la verdad es muy tardado si llevas prisa no te aconsejo para nada este transporte a veces te cancelan hasta último momento
This app is not safe to use at all the drivers are rude an creepy an the fact they don’t pick u up at your destination is all wrong bad idea I repeat do not use this app if you are a women
Todavía no comienza y tiene problemas la app.   Llevo más de 15 días tratando de registrarme, y no me deja pasar de la parte de donde se envían los documentos, cuando pongo la licencia me dice que algo está mal, voy oara atras y después de yo poner mi fecha de nacimiento, me la cambia y por lógica no sale igual que la licencia y no me deja pasar, lo arreglo y lo vuelvo hacer y me vuelve a cambiar mi fecha de nacimiento.   Eso no está bien! Llevo 15 días haciéndolo todas las noches, y no se puede, les mandas correos y no contestan y no tienen support online.   Descartado!
Sometimes you have to run two blocks to catch your ride.
takes FOREVER to pick up. I am always late when I use via. They say the pickup is 5 minutes and it actually takes a whole 20 minutes. the driver NEVER picks you up at the actual location, it’s always an extra 2 or 3 blocks which complicates things and causes miscommunication. The drivers are always very nice, but I think the app does a bad job at coordinating between the drivers and the riders.
I tried to get a ride through this app. They have serious issues first they kept saying the ride u request is not there any more and kept reloading .. when it finally loaded and I tried to book a message popped up saying ( something went wrong) so I tried to click again and got the same response . When I checked my bank messages I found that they charged me for the whole trip twice without even accepting it .. that’s a scam . They have no phone no to call only email and they didn’t reply . I am an international traveler and was trying to get an airport ride which u failed to do and not only this u robbed me not once but TWICE. Shame on you and I am telling everybody not to use your app under any circumstances even if they have to walk to the airport
Drivers are always late, frequently cancel, and if they do arrive, they’re far more reckless than those who drive for Lyft or Uber. You get what you pay for.
Via is so trash bro some of the drivers are lost some don’t know how to drive some move too slow pls it’s not the app it the people fire the people that wanna be slow wanna sleep on the job
This is not a good app. The concept is great but execution is lacking. It will show how far away the driver is from you but then it freezes. It’s hard for me to believe that the driver pulled over one the side of the road and is just sitting there. The GPS is malfunctioning or something is going wrong. There needs to be a MAJOR upgrade
Via has gotten right more than wrong. Keep it up
This app is BEYOND DISAPPOINTING I DONT EVEN COME ON THE APP STORE TO WRITE REVIEWS EVER ! And this app got me so mad I’m really here writting this ! 
Literally tried to order a cab about 3 hours ago! Literally one cancels after another MIND YOU I WAS WAITING THE “18mins” they gave then jumped to 25! Then to 20 then cancel this is crazy .
Drivers are not trained properly
Always technical difficulties when I’m booking & or as soon as I book it takes the money & then tells you technical difficulties or some bull crap like you guys need to fix/update this app to where it doesn’t do that
The service is trash. The app is not user friendly. They lie about discounts to get you to download the app. Don’t do it. It’s not worth the 1 minute of your life.
Used to be more reliable but in the last year every time I’ve booked a ride the drvier has canceled on me and left me waiting forever for a new one, who then charges more than Ithe amount I booked at with no notice. I complain and get a credit and then it happens all over again. Thry won’t give you a refund and it take a month to get a response from customer service! NEVER  using tgem again. They seem cheaper than Lyft but in reality they’re not and you’re late to wherever you’re trying to go.
Worst app ever.. never arrive on time
Terrible non working app don’t do it
Terrible app terrible customer service from Dave and via I showed up a minute after my pick up time and was marked as a no show it makes no sense
I was charged more than what was advertised when I selected the ride.
Used to be great a cheap, but Via’s simply don’t exist anymore. I can never get a via in less than 10min and most times they arrive 5 minutes late. I am very disappointed in what Via has become.
Do you have me waiting for 16 minutes then turned it into 20s then they never showed up i’d rather keep on taking a Uber or Lyft even though this is cheaper but they have bad services they canceledMy ride would they never showed up
Ok it’s cheaper than Uber and Lyft but it’s really not worth the savings. I had a 17 min wait time. When the driver finally got within 2 mins, they decided to switch my driver because he was “running behind”. And the new driver was 14 mins away. HOW DOES THIS MAKE SENSE???? So a total wait time of 31 mins. Ridiculous.
The driver canceled, instead of finding me a new ride, I was pretty much told “o well”. And instead of a refund I got 45$ in “ride credits”. But the trick is, u can only use up to 5$ in credits per ride. So I have to spend money to get my money back. Complete scam!
Everytime I compare this app ride prices to Uber or Lyft (for the same addresses) this app come out more expensive then Uber and Lyft. They are ripping you off basically...
I’ve used via for several years now and pre-pandemic it was great! They have since made all rides private which makes sense. The problem is they completely snd utterly changed the usage of the app. EVERY SINGLE TIME I use it now it always says 3 minute car available but takes several minutes to book so that they can then say “driver had to cancel but don’t worry a new one is ____ minutes away!” Now the really annoying part is that the minutes are straight up lies. Today I waited 40 minutes for a via that was originally “6” minutes away!! This is the longest this has ever happened to me but definite not the first (this currently happens every single time to varying degrees). I finally contacted customer support who told me the driver have been disconnected from the app so they would send me a new one... WHY DIDNT THEY TELL ME THAT BEFORE?!!! I’m just so frustrated with the horrendous quality of the app right now but I have hope for it going back to normal after covid!
I was literally waiting in he cold for 30 min. Worst ride share app ever I was eating in the cold for 399 mins. Literally has to take the subway.
Via is a good service, but drivers in Utah are so bad, sometimes they just sitting in the parking lot and don’t want to come, because seems they paid hourly and doesn’t matter for them if people requests a ride, they just don’t come. Sometimes they come too early and after 2 min of waiting just leave. Or they come late. Seems you as a rider should always wait and drivers never wait they just leave. Poor customer service. Which is so sad because in general the idea is great!
Why does via seem to send drivers to locations where the pick up location is completely out of the way??  I’ve had to walks at least 2 blocks to a via car when the address is clearly entered correctly, however, because of your app “according to your drivers” I am forced to walk out of the way to them. Please explain to me the convenience of paying for transportation from Manhattan to Queens on a weekly basis when I still have to walk blocks to get to the vehicle? Thank you for your time. 

And by the way, the wait time is much longer than Uber.
I get off of work at 9:30 and can’t use it cause I’m out of the time range why stop it so early would
Make way more if it ran late
Via is usually my last choice for rides and  for good reason. No matter what time of day the wait times are ridiculous compared to Uber and Lyft, and to make matters worse more than once I have gone downstairs and the car is gone. Considering how long it takes to even get a ride, you would think they would have a few minutes of grace period. Also their navigation is poor, usually leads the driver to drop me off near but not at my location.
I recently moved to Jersey City and was taking Vias a lot in New York, throughout all the boroughs. Other car service apps don’t allow ride sharing anymore, obviously because of COVID. So you would think that Via would follow suit to protect their customers, right? Wrong. The wait times are 20+ minutes which I can tolerate, there is a short walk to the pickup location which I can tolerate, the rides are cheap which I love BUT riding in the car with several strangers in the mist of a pandemic?? THATS SO IRRESPONSIBLE! I rather pay $10 more on another app to know that I’m not increasing my chance of catching COVID. Via has officially lost a rider.
Trying to use in DC and the app is completely disfunctional. Tons of error messages/“technical issues”, no drivers and when you do get one they cancel right away. Deleting immediately. Don’t waste your time.
Wanted to book a ride Jersey City to Manhattan (20 min ride) and it is apparently not allowed. Tried booking another one Jersey City to Newark airport and supposedly it’s not allowed that too.
My driver did not speak a lick of English and he took the weirdest route to my destination which took much longer than anticipated. I decided not to use this service and wanted to cancel. The app does not tell you how to cancel the service, so I emailed support. I got a standard “we’ll get back to you in 24 hours” reply. They never got back to me. Now I’m wondering if they can charge me for rides through the app since I’m unable to delete my info from their system.
plenty of times my day and errands had to be delayed because this app is not reliable at all. always having technical difficulties and saying they will try to fix it soon everytime you’re trying to log in or order a ride. very inconvenient...
I wish I would’ve read the reviews about how they steal from people before I used this 🙄 they charged me for a ride I didn’t take, the driver made it seem like he picked me up and never did, then he cancelled. I’ve written VIA multiple times about it and they never got back to me ....it’s ok, I’ve disputed it with my bank 🤷🏽‍♀️
My two rides today were outrageous priced. 

Gravesend Brooklyn to William street  NYC.  In my mind it was at least $10.00-$12.00 more than it should have been

And

298 Broadway to 420 Lexington Avenue was twice the price it should have been.

I can go on with more regarding how the Brooklyn to Manhattan ride was poorly coordinated (NOT THE DRIVERS FAULT)

Frank Giffone
First driver disappeared, and I was told the next one was a 17 minute wait. The app shows no cancellation option even where the chat bot said it would be. Deleted. Back to Lyft.
It’s convenient, affordable, fast to arrive, drop offs always done within a minute walk from your destination, and never veers off your course to pick up other passengers, it’s on the way. Once you go via, you can’t go back. It’s revolutionary.
How does an app, that offers ride services so terrible?, you steal the user’s money with out even booking a ride, adjust the original price to something else and claim it’s an error in payment method?!?!. Never in my life had this happen to me will not be using this again won’t recommend any to as well.
Had 3 people cancel in a row AFTER driving 5-10 minutes. Probably because they saw a surge in Uber/Lyft (tons of their drivers use other apps simultaneously). They then failed to match me with a replacement driver. Must be because of the bad pay. 

Lost both my cheaper ride fare and now 20 minutes late to work and in an Uber. 

Deleted immediately, don’t bother with this garbage app, stick with Uber and Lyft.
Now cars cancel, cars delayed, and I end up late to work. This 
Morning I called at 11:20 and ended up having to take Lyft and being late.
The app was experiencing issues this morning, and now I have two $30 pre-authorization charges that apparently will not be removed until a week from now. That $60 was my meals for the week.
1. If your not a frequent user then you’ll start to have problems.

2. It won’t recognize your saved or new payments if you get declined once or haven’t used it in a while

3. You will get charged for the ride and they don’t send you a car

4. The late night cab service either always cancel the ride or takes about a half an hour

5. Ride credit won’t entirely be used unless the money is to the “T”

6. GPS location is never accurate, you have to put the location manually always

7. They always have a discounted price “the first time” you try to haul a cab and when you switch to another driver the price goes up

8. They give you discounted prices to then charge you the original price

8. THE ONLY pro abut this app is that is cheaper then other apps
Destination changed because the app does that( that is what customer service told me). Long waiting time. Price are not much better than Lyft or Uber. Don’t waste your time and your money!
I recently tried to get a cab and this app took my money plus more. I was stranded because this app committed fraud and took my money DONT do it
PLEASE DON’T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH VIA ALL OF THIER DRIVERS ARE ALWAYS 15+ minutes away & THEY WILL OVERCHARGE YOU FOR NO REASON. I WAS CHARGED FOR A RIDE I NEVER TOOK AND I DONT EVEN SEE IN MY RIDE HISTORY HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE? I HAVE DELETED THIS APP AND WILL TELL MY 6,000 Followers do the same
Work is not guaranteed as posted on their website if u can work for Uber and Lyft far much better company’s I almost committed suicide driving for via if u want a better way to ride Uber and Lyft.
Always cancels rides and constantly books me with drives 30 min away from me. Highly do not recommend. Stick with Uber if you are in a rush. The only perk of this app is the cost of the ride but if you are getting a taxi a doubt you want to wait 30 min for it.
Let’s get the courts involved cause they over charge, steal, and don’t live up to there standards. Me and 30 other individuals are now lawyering up cause we gave this company COUNTLESS TIMES to resolve this...enough with the BS VIA!!!!!!
Via has the most unprofessional drivers ever, these drivers would refuse to pick your calls and claim to have arrived at the pickup location.
If they eventually pick your call, they would yell all forms of insults at you.
Absolutely unprofessional
i hate that via doesnt work on weekends thats when i could use it the most
Did I forget anything  in your car.  ?
I am so tired of using Via and the drivers always cancels and I always get charged. Fix your app because you are definitely losing people. This is the time we need you the most but still can’t fix your ongoing problems.
Via is stealing money out my account and have yet to reply !! making large amount of charges for rides i havnt taken. Even on my account ride history clearly says i have only rode via 6 times !
The customer service does absolutely NOTHING
Don’t waste your time I will never use this or recommend it
Y’all r crap
Company stole my money and never gave me credit for ride they cancelled. They do not reply to reports.
This app constantly has technical issues and actually finding a car is the exception not the rule with this terrible app.
I booked a ride. And then via cancel it cause the driver was to far. Then they took my money now I am not able to get my ride
Don’t suggest an app to me that does not work in my state...I made a whole profile and set up my credit card info for the app to tell me I’d never be able to use it..thanks
Every time I order a ride they always say they came and took me and just take my money. I’ll just stick to Uber for now on because this makes no sense and nobody have ever got back with me or gave my money
Due to the covid-19, no longer rideshare. With a discount show on the via app but actually charge you for the full price like Uber and Lyft. Please do not use via. I want my money back. Dishonest company in a time of crisis.
Rides are consistently less than half the cost of Uber and Lyft. Drivers are not begging for tips with needless “amenities”. And it’s the undoubtedly more sustainable model. What’s not to love??
Via has been my favorite rideshare app for a long time, for both its unbeatable prices and incredible service. It saddens me to leave this negative review. 

I understand that my most recent ride with Via was during NYC rush hour, but my rideshare picked up a total of 5 passengers. This meant all the seats were taken, going against the current CDC guidance that people maintain 6 feet between us to prevent the spread of coronavirus. 

Shame on Via for putting profits and squeezing as many passengers into a single car as possible, over the health of your passengers, during this critical public health juncture.
The last few times I’ve requested a car the wait time gets longer and longer after you request it. They often cancel your car and book you a new one because the driver is delayed which adds even more time. Not using anymore.
Via’s recent introduction of price fluctuation is absurd. No exaggeration, the app has charged me at times double the amount of a Lyft or uber ride for the exact same location. 

They use passes where you can use x amount rides each month for a fee depending on the package. Each ride allows you to apply an $8 credit to your ride. The issue is they’re over charging by 20-50% more at times than uber or Lyft.

The rides also take longer to arrive than the other car services. Stay away.