The worst service app in Thailand. You will end up seeing busy sign in app when you plan to hire their car/service. This app doesn’t even work in Bangkok and it is just useless service in Thailand.
Whenever I have a choice I won’t use this app. Ugly design.
Receiving promo notifications even though I turned them off in the app. Supposed to be critical notifications for orders.

Had to revoke Lalamove notifications entirely as the app developer is rude.
They charge you extra and even you told to it to the costumer service they needto bring a  balance money to returned after purchase, and the driver had no money to change. (Alibi).
Be very careful if you’re using this service in the Philippines. A lot of packages are stolen, especially if you’re a foreigner. It happened with me and heard a lot of stories. You can’t do anything, they will not care and literally will ignore you.
Best if you will never try it!!!
All of the stupid drivers and customer service. and I don’t recommend them to use it
It’s offensive when your app tells the client to pay any outstanding payments. Instead You SHOULD ACKNOWLEDGE PAYMENT.
ever since i signed up for this app i keep receiving spam messages from LALAMOVE. there is no way to opt out and contacting them by email does not get replies. I waited 30 mins for customer live chat and was not connected to anyone. There is no way to delete your account either, so they’ll have my information until they go bust :/ 
Stop sending me text messages!!!
Poor availability as 80% of the time , there is no available service.  and in the few instances you get drivers, have experienced cancellations. 

very frustrating that I had to request to refund my deposit to wallet. the customer service chat is quick to reply however it also failed miserably because the said refund was for processing and even after 3 months it never happened and they did not even bother to reply to my messages after that. 

To this date, no one has reached out nor returned the funds.  Pls beware.
This app allows people to register your email falsely and won’t remove it from an account when your report fraud.
Too many!!! I dont care about them!!! Turn them off!!!!!!!!