First time user and had an excellent experience. No hidden fees and transparent pricing. Also tipping was a breeze in the app.
If I could rate this app 0 stars I would. I ordered a dolly to meet me at a location which was 40 mins away from my house to take a item back to my house. I arrived at the pick up location and boom I get a call stating I have to reschedule to a later time that day or tomorrow. I rescheduled for the next day and boom I get another call stating I have to reschedule after being promised the next they will have a helper for sure. Almost 7 days ago and I still haven’t received a refund. Then I see a $2 cancel fee. Naw I need my $2 back or I’m reporting yall for theft.
My experience with these helpers was incredible. Fast, cautious with my items, friendly service. Would highly recommend.
Where are my helpers? They were supposed to be here between 12-1 pm.
I put in a request to move to refrigerators, waited all day and in the last five minutes of the arrival window I received a call saying no one was coming and they would reschedule for the next day. Again, I cleaned out the refrigerators and no one showed up. I called them, after the window closed and the response was “we can’t help it if no one takes the job, we can see if we have e better luck tomorrow.” Find a more reliable source of labor.
If you don't cancel dolly within 24 hours they charge you anyway. However , they will repeatedly cancel on you for no reason .
My movers were on time, careful, and timely
Great service, Anios B and helper were on time, very careful with everything. Thank you
I am very impressed.  Super nice, very professional.  Efficient, hard workers!  I appreciate them more than they could ever know!

THANKS JAMES AND DEREK!!!
Not here!! Been waiting for 3 hours
Not able to find contact tab
Help Help Help
Juan and his assistant were wonderful. Timely, efficient and considerate.
Rescheduled multiple times and it was never filled.
The helper was amazing. However, the app and the customer service left something to be desired. After booking for different times being canceled on, not having helpers being accepted on Dolly side we were finally able to get somebody an hour before our plan fourth cancellation.  Customer service is contracted in a different country and was not helpful in the slightest.  Overall one of the worst apps/experiences, besides the helper.
Great team, efficient and friendly.
Ordered a Dolly. Helper cancelled 20 minutes before the scheduled time. At that late time, no helpers were available. Can’t rely on them so, can’t use them again.
Dolly support is not responsive, despite operating a time sensitive service that obfuscates the “helpers” contact and personal information. When a dolly delivery has gone ary and its impossible to contact dolly or the helper not sure why anyone would use the service again.
I booked my move well in advance for a 2 bedroom apartment. I’m not sure how or why I got assigned a cargo van for such a significant move or why no one at the company assisted in my recommendation. If you ask for the size of move I’d assume you assist with ensuring I get a vehicle that could accommodate. I should have double checked, but as there are many tasks assigned with moving I clearly put a bit much too faith in the support I would receive and that someone in a moving company might suggest that this is not then appropriate vehicle. I had to go and rent a U-Haul van to and make separate arrangements. The helpers assigned were extremely kind, patient and flexible but I would not use dolly or recommend this service again to anyone.
This was my first time using Dolly, and though Christopher was terrific, I missed him at the door, so he didn’t get a tip! And for some reason I’m having difficulty leaving it through the app. I’m so sorry, Christopher!
I understand that this model depends on helpers availability, but even when they are available the “app” struggles to assign the job. Helper called me 5 times for me to help calling customer service as well,  and drove for an hour hoping that job will be assigned after he accepted. Unfortunately, it never got assigned and we both (customer and helper) lost out time.

Do not waste your time and money with this product.
Helper/mover bailed last second after i had to reserve an elevator and i call dolly and they are petty and unhelpful about it
The guys were extremely helpful, polite, and took great care of my belongings.
The two helpers were excellent. They were extremely polite, went above and beyond. Highly recommend! They made my move seamless.
Submitted a job early this morning.  Message said they would contact me before start time.  No helper responded and I had to cancel my “PREPAID” work order.   This is second time I could not get a helper.   Poor customer care.
Loved it.
Dolly rebooked me 3 times in a day. No one ever showed up. Called customer service multiple times only to be told to wait for the next time slot or cancel. They said only the app can assign helpers. 2 helpers contacted me in hopes of doing the job and the helpers called Dolly themselves only to get the same answer. The representative acted as if I was bothering her to get the service I was paying for. Please find other arrangements besides Dolly!
Abel and his Assistant, Ernesto were on time, efficient, helper, and last….marvelous!

Five stars is not enough- the had to maximize elevator access as well as a tight staircase in new location.  

The move was simply, no injured people and no damaged furniture.

Highly recommend!!!
I had a great experience and I’m in love immediately! 😄My moving process was fast, easy and convenient! I needed a little extra time, and I was able to make adjustments as needed! I would also like to add that the prices are VERY AFFORDABLE!! Couldn’t have had a better deal! Thank you, Dolly!
Love love love  always a great experience!!! Professional, organized, efficient!!!
If you are a fan of being left high and dry with your heavy stuff on a curb and not being able to contact Dolly while getting stuck in an endless chatbot loop, this is your app. What a bunch of scammers and uncommunicative scum.
Can’t work if I can’t pay lol
A horrible experience. When the first helper arrived, he informed us that he had not heard from the second helper after trying to reach him all day. He suggested we contact Dolly support to either cancel the move or see if they could send someone else. I attempted to call Dolly support 3 times without being able to speak with a human and opted in for a callback which was never received. Eventually we learned that the second helper was “30 minutes away” which turned into 90 minutes. My move was very time sensitive so myself and my injured family member were pressured into helping move items down the three flights of winding stairs which is why I hired moving help in the first place. Canceling this move was not an option. Because we could not move the large items without the second helper we spent over an hour just moving boxes closer to the truck which would then be moved into the truck later. The mover asked my family member to help him move a couch, knowing my family member had a back injury. When the second helper arrived almost two hours late, he was often on his phone and inexplicably left at one point for 15 minutes to move his car when my street had free parking. I hired a different moving company to unload, and when they opened the truck they were baffled at how poorly and inefficiently it was loaded. At least a dozen of my items were damaged, including an expensive coffee table I need to replace. When I did finally reach customer support, I did not have the option of speaking to a representative by phone but had to email. They informed me they do not cover damage to items for labor only blocks, so beware you could accrue hundreds or thousands of dollars in damage and Dolly doesn’t care. The second moving company recommended I ask for a refund based on how poorly this job was done and said if they had done this poorly they would offer a refund. Nick who I was emailing with from support was very unhelpful and unconcerned by how poor my entire experience went, and didn’t even acknowledge that my injured family member was asked to help move a couch by Dolly after we informed then he had a back injury. They also did not issue a refund and took days to get back to me after my first attempt at contacting them. Please stay far away from this company.
Robert and his assistant did a phenomenal job of moving our furniture around. Very quick, professional, and good pricing.
I just moved from route 59 and had the privilege of working with Oscar and his colleague. They were so helpful, professional and kind. I wouldn’t mind working with them again. I highly recommend this pair. They made my move a lot easier.
My Dolly deliverer was nice as well as thorough. He was exactly on time too! However, because there was only one person and the posting claimed there would be two, I became his helper and did quite a bit of moving the furniture.

This was not his fault.
My request was never fulfilled, helpers and truck didn’t arrive, and there was no communication about it. I was just sitting and waiting for nothing. When I called customer service, the rep tried to get me to reschedule the service, which I didn’t need at that point anymore. Then he produced to argue with me when I requested a refund, since the payment was taken but service not provided. Horrible, never again.
I was extremely frustrated with the absolute mess RXO, a vendor used by IKEA for deliveries, made of my pre-arranged pickup. I won’t even go into how awful their service was. Worst experience I have ever had!

After several tries to reschedule a botched pickup with RXO, IKEA customer support from the Stoughton branch arranged a pickup with Dolly! The Dolly pickup was on time, and the pickup person, Charles, was amazing!

I will never again allow RXO to provide any, and I mean ANY, services for deliveries to or from IKEA.

Kudos to the management team at IKEA - Stoughton for finding a way to arrange a pickup with Dolly. Ditto to Dolly for a great app and great service. And most of all thank you to IKEA and to Charles for making my Dolly pickup experience so delightful.
The scheduling process was smooth and communication over text was easy! My helper Jairo R. was on time, friendly and took care of my merchandise carefully. I was very satisfied with Dolly overall and would definitely use again! Thanks!!
Booked a dolly a few days ahead of time. Talked to helper and confirmed.  Less than 24hrs before the start my helper cancelled. Couldn’t book another helper short term.
﻿﻿Gave details and photos of item. Job was going to be scheduled. ﻿﻿﻿Was asked to be at house earlier. Agreed via their app. ﻿﻿﻿Vince ghosted me, leaving me waiting for 3 hours and did not respond. ﻿﻿﻿Called customer service. No answer earlier. Called again. Was told the TWO helpers I tried to schedule could not handle anything estimated at most to be 300lbs. That customer service guy in another country made up a lie. 
 It is a piece of marble the has a rectangular bottom and no delicate parts sticking out. Dimensions are 24” long, 11” wide, 10” high. All rounded off on top. It is probably 275-280 lbs but was trying to be generous with weight. 
Asked to have it moved from SUV in garage to a rolling dolly in gara﻿﻿﻿ge. 

Don't ask them to move furniture- it will be too heavy. Ha. I happen to know they move couches etc to a 2nd hand store in Denver. ﻿﻿﻿Ghosted & then lied to about weight. I had a man and young woman who know what they're doing move it into my suv by hand, walking 15 yards with it and placing it in SUV.
  I am owed compensation for wasting 3.5 hours when zi could have been working.
Oscar and his assistant were great with my delivery
We tried using Dolly for an IKEA store to home delivery.  Lesson learned, if it sounds too good to be true it definitely is.  They failed to delivery our items 3 times before we decided to rent a U-Haul and get the items our self.  Their customer service was extremely unhelpful and while IKEA tried to help, there was nothing they could do.  Avoid using at all costs.
On time, careful and friendly. A total professional. Would hire again!
Bryan R. was the person assigned for my delivery. This man is awesome! He called shortly after sofa delivery was set up by me. He let me know what I could expect, where he was in the delivery process, and was at my home when he said he would be. He and his helper carried the sofa in making very sure they did not scuff my door or walls. Bryan is so kind and if and when I need assistance again I will not hesitate to call and request him. Thank you Bryan.
What a fantastic effort trying to get this piece of furniture up my too narrow stairs. I appreciate all the hard work these guys have put in today.
If I could leave more than 5 stars I would! We have a very large, solid wood, 8 seater dining room table and Johnson and Steven moved it with NO PROBLEM! Very appreciative of their help.
Dare I say, easier than requesting an Uber! we tried a similar app first, but it kept stalling out on the map. we googled and found Dolly, and after a super quick sign up, this app worked flawlessly.  Our helper Phillip was super friendly and communicative too- which made the washer dryer move from Costco to the house go smoothly.
I bought a heavy patio set through a Facebook site around dinner time. Downloaded the Dolly App and was able to get 2 movers and a truck within 30 minutes! They were professional, kind, and efficient! Love this app.
Jeff and Matthew took care of my move in the very best way! I had the world's best movers. They were cheerful, careful, thoughtful, and really strong. I cannot recommend more highly.
They need a better system. Five days nd they could not deliver something local. They did not have a helper , five days in a row . What kind if service is that.
Unreliable. My Dolly got relisted about a month before my scheduled move, and luckily for me another helper picked it up for the exact same day and time within an hour of the cancellation. However, my Dolly was relisted again at 5:30 AM the morning of my scheduled move. Ended up needing to go with another moving company. Stay away.
Just had an absolutely awful experience with Dolly. I scheduled movers through Dolly 5 weeks in advance. They canceled on me 2 hours before my scheduled move time. Dolly didn’t notify me, email or text to let me know my movers had canceled. It was a truly awful experience & I ended up having to spend way more on task rabbit for same day moving help and do most of the move myself. Dolly offered no financial compensation for all the last minute expenses I had to incur because their movers decided to cancel last minute. All the customer service person would say was “well the movers had to pay a cancellation fee to Dolly!” Well good for Dolly I’m so relieved to hear you are profiting off leaving me in the lurch!!!

 Moving is not the same as calling an Uber for a ride somewhere, Dolly should be prepared to help customers in this situation because there is no flexibility with lease end dates. This gig economy business model Dolly has created for moving clearly does not work. I will never use Dolly again.
Do not and I mean DO NOT USE DOLLY. I paid for same day delivery and what happened? I waited ALL DAY AND NIGHT, I had to call almost every hour up until 9pm only to be told “No helper was available.” Same day delivery was $100.00, not a big deal as I “Wanted it on the same day.” Big Lots recommended DOLLY.

If same day delivery is not available on same day WHY OFFER IT? 

Next day, I call to “Check if a helper was available?” Same excuse, “No helper is available or has responded.” I canceled my order, made sure I received an email confirmation that it was canceled. I went back to Big Lots and sales guy apologized and then told me other customers were less than satisfied also. Then why does your store patronize DOLLY?

Bottom line bad experience, DOLLY representatives all had horrible English, had to explain my frustration and complaints multiple times to different representatives.

Ended up renting a Uhaul truck, lost a day of work and delivered ourselves. 

Save yourself the headache, rent a Uhaul or a friend with a pickup and rest them for gas or lunch, at least you’ll know the date and time of your delivery because you’ve done it yourself.

I WILL NEVER EVER RECOMMEND DOLLY and I plan on reposting to the Better Business Bureau. Anyone who wants to use DOLLY check other reviews on DOLLY and Better Business Bureau websites.
Calvin was great and helpful!
Booked a move thru dolly and got a helper confirmed. I had a 2 hour window for them to show up, and 10 minutes before the end of the window the email me saying the helper had canceled and they couldn’t find anyone else to do the job.

Coordinated my whole move around this since it was confirmed in writing. There is no customer service number, only an email and AI chat bot that doesn’t understand basic inquiries. 

Ended up booking with taskrabbit and had someone respond right away, and the job costs less by 50% thru taskrabbit.
Robert was AMAZING to work with! He was prompt, efficient, professional, kind and super strong! I greatly appreciated his help; couldn’t have moved the heavy table without him! Thank you Robert & Dolly! 🤗
This company is the absolute worst. Terell was amazing and was a life saver but Dolly as a company I wouldn’t recommend to my worse enemy. I wasted a day off to be given a fake apology and no type of help when my original delivery time was not kept by this company. After agreeing to the following day they still called me the next day and tried to reschedule my time again. But thank God Terell was at the furniture store where I ordered from and agreed to deliver my furniture. In the near future I would not go through this company they don’t care about customers!!!! Thank God for employees like Terell who care and even though he had nothing to do with the situation at least his apology fault genuine! But Dolly you seriously need to train your customer service team on how to treat customers point blank period. Every person I talked to on the phone did nothing but make the situation worse.
Most dollies I used are excellent. Only thing is that if price cut down a little then I would use you more. Worth five stars still.
When the app works, it works great. But your helper can cancel within 1 hour of your move and cause a lot of inconvenience.
Great service but the prices fluctuate and change all the time so keep that in mind. I used the service once and I was happy with everything and the flat rate!
Manuel was on time and worked hard. He went above and beyond and are grateful for his help.
I had an armoire on the second floor in my bedroom and needed. It moved to the first floor. It had six drawers and a mirror. It was extremely heavy and I wasn’t able to move it down by myself.

Miguel and Manuel came and moved it without a problem. They were so very kind and respectful and had it done in no time

I would use my Dolly for everything.!
I’m not one to leave reviews, good or bad.
Terrible experience. Driver asked me to help to take in something heavy. 
Had no choice but to help.

Had about 50 fifty feet to go once in the door,
Said he could not come any further and dropped it there.

He then took a pic of it real quick and then of the apartment address, and scurried put in a hurry. 
Must be nice to make 200 clams for that.
Never again.
Horrible and very unreliable! Have a move scheduled - day off of work, elevators booked in advance at apartment buildings in busy city - TOMORROW morning. Scheduled a Dolly over two weeks ago & was assigned a Helper. Just got notice less than 24 hours before that the Helper canceled. You can only contact support via email, so there’s no way for me to get help quickly. Going to have to cancel entirely & pray I can find someone on Task Rabbit. Moving is stressful enough, I don’t need movers canceling on me last minute. Do NOT recommend.
They had no one booked the day of my move. I scrambled to find help. Would never use again. Zero stars (but I had to select one to post)
Great service I have used in the past - this time helper has been MIA since booking 2 weeks in advance. Moving in 24 hrs and no communication.
The process of getting my very heavy new furniture delivered to my third-story condo in Midtown Atlanta was completely hassle-free from the moment that Ronald L was assigned the task. Ronald and Andre B are both big, strong men, they had a great attitude, they were totally professional and cooperative, and they brought all their own equipment. I have literally never had a better furniture delivery experience.
I booked a move for 8 boxes and a mirror. I was moving things from storage & my boxes were out out of the storage and ready. So he ended up moving 5 boxes only. He really didn’t have to do much because I helped him a lot. I called customer service for a price adjustment. They said they couldn’t change it because items wasn’t ready. They don’t know it was minimal moving & I helped him. I didn’t make a fuss about it but I did end up spending $100 for him to move 5 boxes full of clothing … 🙃
Tried this as it was recommended by a friend. 

Very easy app to use, terrible implementation and terrible customer service. 

Set up to move a pullout couch. 
1st one got cancelled but then rescheduled with a new helper. The 2nd time the helper didn’t show up so it too got cancelled. 

Then customer service called me to tell me that they had to cancel and if I wanted to rebook I would have to do it myself. 

I said thank you but no thanks. I now have to find another way to move the couch.
The drivers rescheduled my Dolly w/o consulting me. The drivers were not prepared for the task at hand. The Dolly did eventually end up going well. The flaw was that I assumed the drivers would ask questions or verify the order. I’ve used Dolly before w/o incident. I know now to be very specific in instructions
I tell everyone I know..
I have used dolly for many moves. This last move is the only move I had issues with it; therefore, I am giving them a 2 rather than a 1.

I selected a 2-bed apartment move for the whole apartment plus a refrigerator. Dolly called out that you could utilize this option for up to a 1300 sq ft apartment. Ours was 800 sq ft. The largest truck that was offered was a box truck. Assuming Dolly knew what they were doing, I thought this was enough space to fit everything.

It was not. Luckily, the helpers were able to take the big things (couch, dressers, entertainment center, desks, and large boxes). We had to take 3 trips with our car to get the rest of the items. 

I took a look at what is offered for a 3-bedroom option and it is also a box truck. If you have a lot of bigger furniture and boxes,  I recommend going with a different moving company.
I had my service canceled twice, so I found another option. Dolly relies on the availability of freelance movers—like Uber or Lyft—so they may at times be hard to find.

On the positive side, a customer care rep reached out to reschedule both times.
I have been fortunate enough to have found Dolly and have used their services five times in the last three weeks to move everything from a desk to a huge refrigerator and each time I am delighted by how innovative and interactive the app is but more important than that, just how EXCELLENT their people are.

Not sure how Dolly weeds out the wrong people from the ones that are devoted to providing extra good service with a smile and with professionalism and expertise, but I am grateful.

Thank you for putting a smile on my face now and for future moves.
They were on time and efficient. Super kind! Great job. Thanks for all the help!
Anival and his team did a spectacular job moving my things. They were fast and efficient and very friendly and courteous. Everything arrived I perfect condition and arrived 2 hours ahead of schedule.  Thank you Anival!  I will be sure to tell my friends about you and Dolly
Oscar and his crew did such a great job and were so fast, efficient, and careful with all of our items. We had to make a stop at a storage unit first and then to our final destination and they were able to accommodate and get it done quickly. This was my second time using Dolly for a move, and both times it has been smooth sailing. Highly recommend.
I scheduled my move a month in advance and “helpers” kept getting assigned to my move and then dropping. 3 days before my move there still wasn’t a helper assigned so I called customer service (which is based outside of the US). I asked the customer service woman if a mover would be assigned before my scheduled move and she just kept repeating herself “yes, no worries someone will be assigned before the scheduled time. Don’t worry”. After she said that multiple times, I asked her if it was a guarantee and she switched up and said “oh unfortunately it’s not a guarantee. But if that happens you can call us that day for a refund.” So - there was a reason to worry and a refund wasn’t going to help me move in time. My move out day comes, and still no one was assigned. I ended up having to come out of pocket and rent a moving truck and pay random people I found online to help me move. It wasn’t until the end of the day on my scheduled move that a customer service agent called me to tell me “unfortunately we weren’t able to find anyone to move you today” ….obviously. I looked up Dolly on Yelp and they have multiple accounts on Yelp for different cities - all under 2-star reviews. Thank god I found a last minute alternative solution or I would of been charged by my leasing company for staying past my move out date. If I haven’t made it clear - I DO NOT recommend this company.
Had to move at a moments notice and the heroes showed up
Daniel is very present, communicative & customer service oriented. His helper was very attentive and followed instructions well. Daniel anticipated me needs and had a positive attitude. This was my first experience with Dolly and it won’t be my last! Thank you very much!
Dolly canceled my move and did not refund my money.  Buyer beware. The communication is terrible from the company.  Alex, the assigned mover, was a great communicator but the Dolly platform is not good.
This my second time using Dolly. I used them two years ago for a mattress and today for a sofa and each time was perfect. The movers took directions well , polite and quick.
Super friendly and helpful. He and his assistant were very fast moving the couch out of my basement …very careful of not hitting any walls while moving. 
Communication was awesome! 
He was on time and I am very pleased. Would definitely use Dolly or Daniel‘s help again.
Wonderful! Everything was great the entire process!
I’ve been trying to get a delivery since last Monday and you have canceled on me 15 times. Yes that’s correct 15 times.!!!!!!
I scheduled same day help around 9am from Dolly, requesting 2 helpers between 2pm and 4pm. By 3:50, Dolly never assigned any helpers, so I contacted Dolly and they told me to extend out to 8pm. So I extended to 8pm and by 7pm Dolly called me to state there will be no available helpers to help me move… incredibly inconvenient!
Brandon and Daniel were the best. They were on-time and took care of my move in under 1 hour. They made a stressful day much easier.
My relative had to cancel out moving my mother’s arm chair & chest, to assisted living. Thank goodness Dolly was able to arrange a helper with a truck the night before.  Got them moved, no problem! The helper, Cornelius was on time, courteous and made the move quickly. He brought another guy with him to help, which came in handy. The items were heavy. Many Thanks!
I’m strictly trying to enter my information and get onboard as a helper somehow I keep getting sent in circles
Highly recommend!!!!
I was excited to try this out and the price quoted was very reasonable. 1 bedroom apartment move with a box truck for $507. However, Dolly wasn’t able to pair me with a helper. I ended up hiring two people off task rabbit and getting my own U-Haul for 1/2 the price. When they say 99% of people are matched with a helper I’m guessing it doesn’t factor people who cancelled because they couldn’t find help. Nobody is waiting until day of their appointment to get screwed over.
Bought an elliptical machine at Sam’s club and this app helped me get it home the same day.  Bought on line at 8 am, by noon my dolly helper was assigned and by 230 we were home.  Communication with helper was seamless.  I could see where he was on the map.  Everything we needed to know about each other was pushed into my notifications and eliminated any guessing.
My helper was stellar, Michael.  He was strong, and friendly.  Helped as if he were putting it into his own home.  I appreciated his service.
These guys did a great job. I am very pleased. I would book them again.
Best experience ever.  Jum was the best.
The app is great and I have had very good customer service from the helpers!
I don’t use 3rd party services for any reason, but when I found a deal on a clearance sofa for my new apartment, I sacrificed and was expecting the worse. Luckily, Yunaisy and her helper from Dolly were quick and careful with my item and it was delivered without incident. Thank you !!!
I have to be honest here, I am fighting an eviction process, I have a good case for a appeal, not being served correctly. 

I also have all of the rent owed stashed away in escrow because it was a bad error on their behalf, not a lack of funds. So after I was thrown out of my apartment, I had to leave all of my stuff in there, and I am now homeless. Today was the day that I got access to my stuff one last time. My grandmother came through and offered me some of what little money she had left in order for me to hire movers to help me out with the furniture I had left. We are not given a ton of time to accomplish this and after some back and forth between attorneys, I had just today to do it. 

I have AIDS, so I am not really strong enough to do this kind of work, and I literally risk dying to do it. Hiring Dolly, I don’t have any choice but to trust that they are competitive. I requested the Dolly help hours before I needed it, but nobody accepted it. I pushed it back as far as I could go, and I got a call from someone who wanted me to pay more money when they arrived, to come and help. I didn’t have any money to spare, so he didn’t accept. He offered to do it for the amount I paid in cash, if I cancelled it - but I knew that I would not be refunded for the service in time. I understand why he would do that but it felt like a bait and switch. 

Nobody accepted, and I was stranded. I lost everything I owned, because I know that the attorney will not accept my request to come back. I am so distraught about this. If I had the strength to do it myself I would. Maybe they don’t pay the people enough. I don’t know. 

It’s not Dolly’s fault that I lost everything, but I am incredibly disappointed in how badly the expectations are set in the app, how they take $600 dollars out of your pocket to “hold” your reservation with no guarantee that your going to be able to get help. And if you are limited on resources, your money is held up by the hold on your card and you can’t even pivot to something else. 

I have had only positive experiences with the competition - “Lugg,” so I am sad that I trusted Dolly this time. I liked the flat rate fee, even though it was higher than Lugg, but it made no difference because I was burned. Beware, you do not want to use them for big moves. Use Lugg instead. I don’t have the choice anymore.
Thanks to J. Muhammed and his helper!
Two movers come to move one desk from the main floor to our basement office. I asked them to take the desk around the side of the house because it was a tight turn at the bottom of the steps. They thought they knew better. I heard a big crash. I went to see what happened. I have a hole in my drywall that is about 2‘ x 2‘. I reached out to Dolly to file a claim and they said sorry we don’t cover damages to your home only the item being moved.  Will never use or recommend them again. Thanks Harold C. (My dolly mover that damaged the wall and said he would come back and fix it but ghosted me.)
First time use and very satisfied
We had set up two helpers with dolly for a move. At 9:30 pm the night before the guy messages me that they’ll be an hour and a half behind schedule and then asked me to switch the time forward so they could arrive sooner. This was all so they could cancel without repercussion. Dolly left us high and dry for our move, don’t trust them. They will let you down and leave you without help.
The guys that delivered my furniture was awesome. Dolly charged me twice for the services and I am not happy. They were not cheap.
Ascencion and Gilbert are very hard working professionals who made my move very easy from the beginning. Great communication and attention to detail. Would recommend 10/10!
Johnson and Trey were so great!  Treated our things with care and super nice to work with. Will certainly use Dolly again.
My Dolly was Marquis and he was awesome! There was a miscommunication with my booking on my behalf. I scheduled for loading only and he still took the time to unload my stuff. He was very busy that day and still made sure my job was 100% completed!!!
After describing my item to be picked up, it was accepted. They were late to arrive and then determined the item (which is a China cabinet in two pieces) was too big for them to move. THEY cancelled the job, and then charged me a cancellation fee on top of what was paid. It has been escalated, but the day after, still no response. My opinion is this is fraudulent and may lead to legal action. Again, I don’t recommend this company.
Used twice now—they are very good. No more asking friends to use their pickup!
Helpers never showed and couldn’t get a refund. $200 down the drain
i would find a private helper , very unreliable , 2nd attempt in trying to book someone, they never can find anyone.  Then you have a hold on your credit card it’s really a joke.  Find someone on your own.
Jose and his helper was great! Made quick work of moving our “after-moving in-it-won’t-all-fit-boxes” from our apartment to our garage. Will definitely use again!
I didn’t know this service existed, so it was my first time using the app. It was exactly what I needed with no problems. Thanks!!
Hate long reviews so here is the best I can do of a summation.
1st time: It was perfect.
2nd time: One helper was late leaving the other having done most of the work.
3rd time: The helper contacted me at 6am to confirm 10-1030 window to not show up. I attempted several times to contact the helper with no response. 

Now Dolly wants to change me a cancellation fee for their helpers lack of professionalism for doing what exactly I do not know. 

Stating that window was 10-11am. Yes it was initially, however the helper changed and confirmed the time he was coming more than 4hrs earlier at 6:10am. The helper was not there even while on the phone with customer service at 1045 and never responded to calls or messages.
Fast, friendly everything went down exactly as promised. Would definitely use the service and this helper again!
Fantastic
I bought furniture from a girlfriend to move into my pool house so I would have a fully furnished rental. The building my girlfriend lived in, had very narrow hallways, so we were having to have her sofa craned off her balcony onto my moving truck. I use the Dolly app three days prior to my move and scheduled my move for 8 AM the morning of the move. I got confirmations via email and text so felt confident all would go well. Instead, I got a phone call at 7:15 that they were canceling my move because they had been unsuccessful unsecuring a crew! They did nothing to help and didn’t even apologize for the inconvenience. The gentleman I spoke with who barely spoke. English told me I could reschedule my move or they would give me a full refund. A full refund for them doing nothing and putting me in a horribly awkward position… I would certainly hope so! I will never use Dolly again. I have used Lugg successfullyand will continue to do so. Good luck to anyone who uses Dolly. Trust me, based on my experience, you’re going to need it!
First time using the service that was recommended to me. My sister was giving me an expensive dresser. She had to help with the move on her end and I had to help to move on the delivery end. Both of us have several serious gouges in our walls. Would not use again. I am not part of the Dolly team and the point of hiring a professional moving service was to have someone else physically move this piece . Would love to share my pictures as they would likely cause you to reconsider. At least two of the gouges are at least half an inch deep and though Dolly sent me to their damages team, they refused to compensate me saying they don’t cover environmental damage. Use real movers instead.
First Dolly lead and helper were great but Martin at customer service confused the entire process and tried to over charge me.

Some Dolly never showed up and customer service was no help. They also charged me $9 when I cancelled due to them not completing the job. 

I strongly do not recommend.
To be fair, I’ve used Dolly two times that worked exactly as I hoped.

However, today, I’d arranged for a pick up of an object that is 7 feet long. I wrote clearly in my description that the object was 84” x 42” and weighed about 40lbs.

The driver arrived with a pickup truck that looked too short. I asked him how long his truck bed was, and he said it was 5 feet long. I told him that it was simply not possible to move this object in his truck because it was too small.

I have been charged $88 dollars for the cancellation. I’ve been on the phone with customer service for the last 30 minutes. The person on the phone will not or cannot give me an adequate explanation why they will not refund me the $88 when their driver showed up with a truck that was too small to move my object.

The customer service representative even read my description back to me in which I wrote the dimensions of the object I needed to move.

I am absolutely confounded. This charge is not ethical. Dolly needs to do a serious re-evaluation of its ethics and policies.
Vance and his assistant Gotti were very willing to help me move my refrigerator and dishwasher in my house.   They were courteous and pleasant and made the job look like a breeze.  It was evident that they both enjoyed the work they do.  I would have them both as helpers again.   Thanks guys
They keep giving me new times to pick up the mattress and then they never show up. Waste of time.
The first time I used this service I requested 2 people to help move, and only one person showed up, luckily they refunded me for the person that didn’t show but I had to scramble to find someone else. The second time I ordered this service for a friend and 2 people showed up, but they took off without warning and the excuse they gave was that I needed to be there with them.  despite my bad experiences, I thought that they might be unrelated so I tried them a third time which was by far the worst. I paid over $300 to move a one bedroom apartment for a neighbor who is down on her luck. when they arrived about a half hour before I got there my neighbor asked them to also move things out of another bedroom. And rather than telling her that they were only paid for one bedroom and moving just a one bedroom as a normal person would’ve done. They canceled the entire job and left without moving anything before I arrived and charged me a 100% cancellation fee. That’s right I paid over $300 for nothing, and had to scramble to get help.
Angel was terrific.  He moved up the time at my request and then showed up even before that.  Handled the peloton bike with ease and expertise, and wiped the bike down before bribing it in my house!   I am highly satisfied
Jhordan was very respectful and helpful. Helped me load and unload the U-Haul truck in no time. Definitely recommend.
App froze before I could complete my request, which left me with an already paid for item unable to be transported to my home. There is no way to directly contact support, so I just have a support ticket they claim they will result over email and an item that I can’t get to my house.
Purchased a item in store that needed to be delivered.

Dolly couldn’t “find movers” for me.

I’ve spent over 4 hours in support with them and eventually told me “good luck just wait”.

If a purchase requires Dolly in the future, I am running away
Please do not use this service. We booked a week in advance only to have 1/2 of our helpers not show up (the person who did not show up had the pickup truck, of course). We were told to reschedule for an hour later by customer service and that someone would definitely take the job. No one showed up. We then rescheduled for the next day. Again, no one signed up. We had one person attempt to show up, only to have a very frustrating back and forth with the helper who insisted we needed to accept him for the job (there is literally no option to do this in the app). Both customer support and helper support were completely unable to do anything. I would never wish this experience on anyone. Please stay far, far away (unless you would also like to experience this nightmare).
In theory, this service should have been great, but next time I’ll be renting a U-haul and doing it myself.

I hired a team of 2 Dolly movers to move a bed from Facebook Marketplace. The sellers disassembled the bed to help me “save money” with Dolly, so it was all ready to go when the movers arrived. Dolly added an extra $15 during the move because there was a flight of stairs at the seller’s house (even though the pieces were all disassembled, so the movers weren’t actually carrying any heavy objects down the stairs..)

No furniture pads were used, and they kept hitting the pieces on doors because they didn’t bring door stops. Normal, experienced movers always have furniture pads and door stops. One of the pieces got a nice big scratch in it.

This wonderful service cost me a cool $278. SO not worth it. Next time, I’ll be renting a U-haul.

Additionally, their app needs a lot of work. It won’t let you do anything else in the app until you answer their prompts, so I couldn’t do things like update my payment method or call customer service until I approved the $15 up  charge for the stairs. Annoying UX.
I used Jeff C. For my Dolly in Philly burbs and he was on point! Personable, professional and on time! They didn’t break even one item! Definitely give him a try!!!
My first experience with Dolly was a great one. The two people with their truck arrived early and got right to work. We had to wait for about 10 minutes for a  consignment store to open and they didn’t mind at all. They carried the heavy furniture in quickly and carefully. This whole process was easy!
Great service, prompt and careful with my delivery.  Would highly recommend!
These two gentlemen have superior work ethic, outstanding attitude, and customer service!
They did an excellent job in every way they went above and beyond what I had hoped or expected!
It’s a great way to get the support that you may need when your friends are not able to support you
Jhony and his assistant were great- friendly and professional .
Helper said he was coming 2 hrs before booking. Did not respond to any messages or calls during booked window. Left us standing in the rain waiting with a mattress. We ended up carrying/dragging it ourselves the 3 blocks we had hired him to drive it. Customer Support was useless. They would not give me a confirmation receipt for my full refund. I am hoping they at least refund me and I don’t have to deal with them again. UNRELIABLE FLAKES, CUSTOMER SERVICE WILL NOT HELP, AVOID AT ALL COSTS
Wonderful company wonderful fella such courtesy. Thank you thank you did a marvelous marvelous job I appreciate your company thank you again
Booked a week before, he confirmed a couple of days before.  and then he just didn’t show up.  Problem with dolly is there isn’t a way to contact them with a problem.  The second helper, Duran, had to call for me to report the no show.  Luckily Duran was very helpful.   
    I won’t use dolly again.  I know you can’t control if the helper shows up,  but you CAN make it easier to communicate and resolve problems.
I just discovered this app. Today and it is amazing!!!! Great workers and awesome app.
Sure it’s easy to schedule but the workers are not vetted. Damaged my floors, walls, and the one time they were moving.
I’ve used Dolly in multiple states and for various different tasks. Always professional and helpful.
Both Tyrell and Joe were excellent .. they arrived on time very courteous and took care of moving my items with care.
Excellent, careful, pleasant, very helpful, clean truck, all the right equipment and padding.
My move scheduled to start on Saturday at 12:30pm. All of my stuff is packed and I’m just waiting for my movers to arrive. I get a call at 12:35 letting me know they cancelled it. The support team did not even attempt to help get another moving crew assigned. They didn’t even apologize for it. 
If you value your time and have timelines to meet, don’t use this service.
They sent two men unprepared to move an item with description, exact dimensions and photograph given.  

Customer service is a literal joke.  They are difficult to contact (the phone call does not go through).  Then they blamed me because they said the men were prepared to move (they weren’t and advised me to cancel) so they only wanted to refund 50% of the job despite the fact that they weren’t ready to move the furniture.

Do not recommend.
I recently relocated and needed last minute help unpacking a storage container. I was searching for moving services and they all seemed to charge an arm and a leg for services that I didn’t really need. I took a chance on Dolly and was not disappointed. I booked moving help two days before my move in, they showed up early and had the job done quickly and with zero damage. You can select by items or by hours and customize your needs. I will be using this in the future!
Very great service!!
This was easy, priced well and the help was great. I will use this service again! Thank you
I provided dimensions and images of the two items needed for pick up, a helper accepts the job and upon arrival he states that the items will not fit and would need to take two trips which will cost double . I call customer support and they’re unable to help me. Managers are unavailable to further assist and will only contact you via email.
The helper I booked from 11:30am to 1:30pm didn’t show up. At 12pm I was notified in the Dolly App that a new person was automatically scheduled to come help with a start time at 1:30pm for 30 minutes - outside of the needed time. When I cancelled the second person, I was changed 20% cancellation fee!
Charged my card immediately- nobody showed up. Phone number (from text) doesn’t work. Found another customer service number and have been on hold for 20 minutes. Do not recommend!!
I would give zero star if possible. Nothing happened after collecting the fees. No helper was available at all. Waited pass the schedule delivery time. Called customer service to cancel and refund, but again nothing happen to the scheduled order; no notification / email whatsoever. Only verbal assurance from the guy at the call center.
Booked 2 helpers on two different days to help me move. 

On both days helpers cancelled 10 minutes before the moving started and never came. 

Scam company be careful !
No useful communication or support from the Support Center. No one that ok my call, twice I was trying to call for 15 minutes. The ‘live chat’ is a useless AI robot.
Apparently, the 4th time was charm.  Attempts 1, 2, and 3 were filled with problems - and while I appreciate Dolly’s persistence, this delivery could have been much smoother.  For the 4th delivery, Dolly sent 4 and they were all needed!  The table is heavy marble and 2 men could not safely make the delivery - which involved an elevator that was a tight fit.  BUT by delivery #4 the 4 men were able to lift the table top replacement and install the hardware !  All’s well that ends well.
Moved an oversized chair from the 4th floor. On time and fast! Great service, will use again!
I reserved two helpers yesterday but the lead helper never showed. He even texted and said he was five minutes away but never came. 

Dolly then reduced the fee for the remaining worker by $20. I paid Dolly $100, but instead of paying the helper $80 as agreed, they only paid him $61. This is a ripoff and should be corrected. I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told there was not one who could speak with me. 

I will not use this company in the future if they refuse to honor to pay they workers as agreed.
No customer service - dolly person canceled 15 minutes before schedule pick up. Dolly support didn’t do a thing to help
I have used Dolly at least 10 times. I always on time, polite guys, careful, and courteous.
I had a worst experience with Dolly. The helper was so lazy, careless and had very uncleared vehicle. As I was moving stuff from a storage, he was just standing one place and pass heavy stuff to us. He even dropped a bag from a 7-8 feet height. And finally the helper added more amount as an adjustment, and it was just added to the final amount as if the customers do not have any ways to defend! I do not recommend this service. The customer support is not helpful or does not support customers but they more care for helper or drivers it seems! Thanks dolly team! 😇
German and his helper we there absolute best!  Very professional, efficient, respectful and nice.  They arrived at the scheduled time and took over from there.  Using Dolly was easy and the communication between them and myself was exceptional.  I would highly recommend using Dolly for  a move!!!
I signed up, ordered movers, got confirmation that my Dolly was all set. It was not. There was no mover. I had to call around the day of my move and find a real mover. This is barely a TechCrunch hackathon app, it’s not a real company. Do not use.
I scheduled a dolly to move my full size refrigerator. I included a photo of the refrigerator when I was making a reservation. The dolly helpers came unprepared (without moving straps) and canceled my reservation while still at my house. They told me they will come back tomorrow. They did not show up the next day and Dolly charged me a 50% cancellation fee for canceling same day. First of all, not my fault they came unprepared and secondly the helper canceled the reservation. I should not be responsible for a fee.
I feel that most people can understand just how stressful moving can be. Earlier this week I had many reservations about using this company because my first mover didn’t complete the job which left me in a hard place and the second mover cancelled on the day of the move. I was very frustrated with the situation. Dolly worked very hard to make up for everything. They had constant communication with me throughout the process and in the end sent me a 5 star mover named Eric who was phenomenal. I couldn’t believe how easily he moved the heavy object independently. He was also reliable, respectful, and a great communicator.  Dolly did do a great job making up for errors that occurred earlier in the process, and I am very thankful for that.
I needed an extra set of hands to load a van and move couches, tables, beds and dressers around the house.   The helper was not only strong but a good communicator when navigating walls, stairs and turns.   I will definitely use Dolly again!
Quick, simple to book and so nice to find someone happily willing to help complete a task.
Great job. Thanks
Jervis and his assistant were really reliable and made me feel confident and trusting!
I work at a world renown furniture company and my money is directly correlated to these drivers making their deliveries. I make sure to set it a week out so the movers have enough time to view and accept the loads. Time after time, I have movers who will cancel same day after accepting a week in advance, costing me $400+ in commission each time. If you can’t handle the load, DON’T ACCEPT IT! It’s very frustrating and there’s usually no fixing once something goes wrong. And if there is a solution, it happens days later giving the opportunity for the customer to cancel or just flat out wasting their time. If you have something small, go for it; but if it’s any big item, I’d say stay far away from dolly. This business model doesn’t work if you can’t be on site to handle situations with thousands of dollars worth of furniture. Apple needs to take them down expeditiously.
I’ve used Dolly Delivery twice now in partnership with the Container Store for custom closet installations and have been generally pleased with the service received.  John, our “helper” today was friendly, polite, quick so I was happy to tip him.  The one thing I would have liked is a “confirm” call the day before and/or day of the delivery.  I spent sometime trying to track down the delivery.  It would have been nice to have a phone number to call Dolly or the helper directly.  The people at the Container Store were helpful and knowledgeable (Laura) and the people at TCS Installation (Penmarc) also were concerned and helpful.
I paid for 2 helpers only to load my truck (not unload), which is a minimum of 2 hours, $200. One of them showed up on time ready to work, the other one was about 45 minutes to an hour late and it just took an hour and a half total. My truck looked like they just threw my things in it, my leather chair was ripped, my new desk had black marks on the top that won’t come off, my relatively new couch, which was in excellent condition, is now torn in several spots and has black stains. I’m going to have to make another trip (5 hours away) to get the rest of my things because they didn’t load it properly and make it fit right. I used Dolly once before and the head helper was very good, made everything fit perfectly. I got the same size truck so it should’ve definitely fit! Since the assistant helper was so late, the head helper could only do so much, which I think played a big role in why my stuff was simply tossed in wherever. I’m beyond upset about this and I firmly believe I deserve at least a partial refund. I will NOT be using Dolly again!
I’m not real pleased that I got what I paid for. I was going to use you on the other end, but I don’t think so. I would not recommend the type of help I received today. on the bright side, he was breathing. he did help some.
Movers were professional and efficient.
The gentleman were professional, nice, and they communicated well. 

They are highly intelligent, with great problem solving skills. 

They are an asset to your company.

Great work,

Paul Sawicki
Dolly helper didn’t show up. Was scheduled days in advance. Limited support from customer support team during scheduled service. 
Helper was busy with another job and said he would be late (fine) but 2 hours after scheduled start time, he never showed and stopped responding.
Speedy + efficient!
Excellent professional and on time. Did a great job
Did not show up, no helper was ever assigned. Called the day of (5 hrs before the start time) and tried to confirm that a helper would be assigned. They said yes, and not to worry. So I drove out to the move start location, and a helper was never assigned. No communication from the Dolly company. Nothing. Very bad experience. Will never use or recommend them again.
I can’t say enough about how easy this was!  I needed four large heavy items moved quickly.  With one day notice, I scheduled movers to bring the items about 30 miles.  The guys were polite and very careful. One item was a fragile grandfather click and it was delivered with care!
My wife and I have used Dolly at least 6 times, it’s gotten us out of the jams we faced of purchasing items we couldn’t move ourselves. We never had a problem with any of the movers, some have gone above and beyond the regular level of service!
I paid for two movers and a truck. I had 5 men show up and then the guy told me that my stuff wasn’t “ready” because I didn’t have supplies? Like blankets and moving supplies?…which I thought was included in the package? So he guilted me in to giving them an extra $200 and he had suggested giving them an extra $300. I had called the company and asked about this, they said the supplies were included in the package. I’m also pretty confident one of them stole my marijuana as well. The move was quick though.
I was charged 20% of my job because the helper was unavailable during the window. He agreed to. Support refused to credit me. Consider using a different app or service as you may get taken too.
I just moved into a new home and once the boxes were unpacked, and furniture placed, it became obvious that several big heavy chairs and rolled carpets needed to be moved. Also, a treadmill needed to be repositioned….none of which I could do on my own. Enter Dolly. I scheduled and two professional gentlemen arrived to get the jobs done! Great communication and friendly service. Excellent idea for those nagging tasks you can’t manage on your own. Highly recommend.
Twice helpers either canceled on me or I could not get ahold of the would be helpers! Though I lost the 24 hrs deposit, i got peace of mind by using a standard moving company. So I don’t recommend this service!!!
I’ve used Dolly 3 times to have furniture delivered to my house from the RH Outlets in Limerick and Princeton, my favorite outlets to shop, and each time Dolly has had the best price, the fastest turn around (even same day!) and no issues whatsoever. The delivery drivers and assistants are on time and friendly. You should try it if you haven’t already.
Dolly provided me with a very good helper to unload my pod at the last minute request. I was very pleased with the help Neiro N provided. He was very pleasant, very professional, and very efficient, and most of all very hard worker. I would actually rate him 10 stars if there was a 10 star rating. he was also on time.👍👍👍👍
All went as planned, thank you so much!
They did a great job and placed the closet system in the right area with care.
Customer service is only via text, you are truly at their mercy. Twice I sat on hold for 10 minutes  and realized there is no call center! Finally I got a text from a mover saying he could do my move now. He was great, as was his assistant.  They were the saving grace of an otherwise frustrating day.  Their staff and movers are great, but too unorganized to work with again with short notice. Maybe booking a couple of weeks out is better, but last minute, not so much.
Over a 24 hour period there were two different helpers assigned to my situation. Neither of them followed through. I attempted to communicate with Dolly through their website. This create another frustrating situation as I didn’t receive any callbacks. After waiting all day to hear from my helper. I suddenly received a refund from Dolly without explanation.
I’ve used this app to move heavy items and will continue because I definitely can’t move a refrigerator downstairs
Excellent Service
Super easy to book and take worries out of delivery and moves!
Great
I’m very impressed with Dolly, and I wouldn’t hesitate to use Dolly again.  The moving helpers were punctual, pleasant, and prepared for the task.
My first and last experience was horrible. The dolly helper showed up three hours early then scheduled after I told him to wait. They tried to charge me an extra 45 dollars and customer service was less then helpful. Use another platform
Rob and Christian were awesome! They were quick, efficient, helpful and friendly. This was a great experience. Thanks guys!
This is the best app for moving with a resonable price. People are also professional
Was very quick because it was an emergency I needed movers they confirmed and was early and courteous I will definitely use them again and I recommend them.
Remember when moving big stuff included the ordeal of finding strong people and a truck, then coordinating schedules? Those days are over. I’ve used Dolly twice. Once it was “regular people” and once it was professional movers. Both teams did great. Loved how easy it was!
Shakari and Tyler were great and the overall experience with Dolly was amazing.
Great communication
I’ve never had a “good” experience booking movers through dolly. I’ve used the app three times and each time one (or both) of the movers are unhelpful, do the bare minimum, or slightly damage the items being moved/floors/walls. From what I’ve heard this is potentially partly due to “helpers” being subcontracted out, so if you’re getting more than one person beware of diminishing returns. 

Also, the movers are very quick to add expenses to your bill and I’ve had to argue with customer support and substantiate my claims when I am over billed (billed for moving 7 chairs when only 4 were moved, gently removing the top of a glass table to make it an easier move is suddenly a substantial disassembly fee, etc)

Overall, I will be taking my business elsewhere in the future and wouldn’t recommend this service. Decent in a pinch but be ready for issues to arise.
It was easy to sign up and list what I needed help to move. I put in all the details I could and someone accepted it and helped me big time! Even during the holiday!!!
Fortunately for me my friend was waiting at the pickup spot to meet the helper so she alerted me when he didn’t  show.  When I called him he didn’t care that he was running over an hour late and hadn’t bothered to notify me.  The estate sale where the pickup was to occur was nice about it so they were ok with my revised pickup time.    Helper picked up 1 1/2 hours later than was scheduled.  

Don’t use Dolly if you have time restrictions as they have limited control of the helpers so you are at the helper’s whim.  In the end I was just glad that he showed up.
It’s all good until your “helpers” don’t show up or, alternatively, show up and cancel because l they don’t want to do a job. We were stranded in the middle of a move and couldn’t reach Dolly. They don’t freaking care—and won’t let me leave a review to warn others to avoid these “helpers.”
Delivery went smoothly. Great communication. On time, and took care bringing the 3 pieces of the sectional into the house and setting it up.
We had no clue that such a service existed. Because of health issues it was impossible for us to transport the items we needed moved. I will definitely be using this company again when necessary!
I scheduled a Dolly to help me pickup and deliver one item to my apartment.  I scheduled the dolly several days in advance for a 6pm pickup.  

The day comes and I get a notification that the Dolly pickup time has been pushed back to later in the night, not a big deal.  My Dolly assistant assured me that the pickup and delivery will still occur even though it has been delayed.  I never hear back from Dolly and I am completely ghosted.

Dolly services ended up being a huge waste of time for myself and the individual that I was purchasing from.  I would not recommend to anyone.
App has changed not what it was. They cut off communication with helper on the app when the stop the dolly if there are questions there is no way to adjust. Support cannot help 
It’s really gone downhill 
It was a great service but not anymore
2 stars, only because the people on the phone were nice. 
The company “ withheld “ 115 dollars from my account, then waited till the end of the day to tell me they couldn’t find anyone. I actually had to call to find out there was nobody to help. After further inconveniences I realized I’d have to wait 3-5 business days to get my money back, yet it was “ on hold “
From the beginning. Do not recommend, ask a friend for help it’s cheaper and you can pay them after the job is done.
Thanks Richard snd Amber! You both were professional and timely! You ROCK
Incredible, accurate and reliable service from Facebook marketplace! Very reasonable, excellent communication and detailed information about the route travelled. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 for Delivery guy Dumane!!! Thank you
This was the easiest move since Dolly did all the heavy lifting and moving. Our helper John L was awesome. He was on time, friendly and hard working. John and his assistant were very efficient and treated our belongings with care. I will definitely use Dolly again!
My wife and I have hired Garphil and a helper two years in a row for a pretty difficult move. Both times involved multiple floors, antique furniture, and tight corners. They exceeded expectations and we will 100% hire them again if/when we move next!
I find it irrational that they charge you to cancel but give no credits or communication if there is a no show. 
Better success through other apps
I was rescheduled 4 times before a helper finally was scheduled. But they couldn’t do it until 7 hours after my original time. Then 5 minutes before the move I was notified by text that the helper cancelled. Gigantic waste of my time and money.
Thank you for helping me move a few items within my home, up and down stairs. Your service is highly valuable. 
Very professional, kept me in the know about arrival, timely and courteous.
Highly recommend this service.
Zavier B. and his helper did a great job moving our refrigerators and display unit yesterday. Communication was outstanding; we knew exactly what time to expect then at our house. Once there, they were very friendly and respectful of our property. We would definitely use Dolly again and recommend to our friends.
Excellent, quick and reasonably priced service. I had them pick up a bunch of slate patio pavers from someone who was selling on Facebook marketplace. They arrived within 18 hours of my request, loaded drove 20miles and unloaded within 1.5 hours. It would have taken me all day!
Dolly really came through in our time of need! We had a flood which, in order to repair the 2 rooms, needed all the furniture moved out of them.
Daniel H. and Andres J. were very good workers! Professional all the way; easy to talk to and efficient. I highly reccomend using this service for moves.
First I try schedule through the app 1x day in advance and it doesn’t even work. 
Then I went on the computer at work the next morning first thing and got confirmation my Dolly was scheduled for that evening. 
My Dolly helper even contacted me confirming they’d be there and asked if they could come early. 
When they cancelled at the last second - left me no time to replace them and the support couldn’t even give me a discount or help at all with the situation. There wasn’t even a manager to speak to. They said they email me back sometime soon. How does that help me now? 
Terrible service 1x star and now I can’t get my spare bedroom ready for my in laws coming in
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT use this service for a move. I have never had a worse moving experience or a worse experience with the company after the fact.
 
I cannot stress enough that EVERY SINGLE box I opened had broken items in it, the movers broke my bed, snapping the metal supports in half and they broke my window AC unit by causing a GIANT dent in the frame, so deep that the internal fan hits it when you turn the AC on. The movers were rude, inappropriate and took literally 0 care with my stuff.
 
I live in NYC and was moving to another part of the city, not too far away. My old apartment was up two flights of stairs and the second was one flight of stairs. Just want to put into perspective that this was not a difficult move, I was not going very far and the movers/helpers did not have to go up 5 flights of stairs. 
 
Its no exaggeration that every single box I opened had broken items in it. I’ve done big moves, from FL to NYC, NYC to DC, DC to NYC and within NYC. I’ve moved myself, hired other movers and had friends help in the past. I have NEVER had a worse moving experience, and I moved right after a blizzard before (trust me, I had no choice and it was awful). NEVER in my life, have I seen so many broken items, never. 
 
Every box I opened had more and more broken stuff in there. I don’t mean chips, or a scuff, I mean hard metal items totally damaged, with metal pieces concaved in on themselves, glasses broken, standing fans totally broken, even my bookcase, that had a metal frame and is mountable to the wall is broken. The metal is so far bent that it cannot even stand up straight and no amount of effort seems to help get it back in alignment. 
 
All of this is upsetting on its own, then comes my experience after the fact. I paid for extra insurance “just in case” – so I was covered up to $2,500 for related damages. The total amount of damages was well over $3,000. Dolly, after weeks of back and forth, me sending pictures of all the damage, receipts showing the cost of the items and providing an itemized list of the damaged items, along with their prices, Dolly finally tells me how much they’re prepared to offer me. $291. 
 
Let me say that again, Dolly offered me $291, less than 10% of the actual value of the total value for items like my bed, where the frame was literally broken in half and AC unit, which was so damaged that the internal fan scrapes against the exterior metal frame were not covered because they were considered  to be  "regular moving wear and tear such as minor dents, stains or scratches."
 
I am in the process of trying to get more money through my insurance claim, but I’m on day 2 of no response from Dolly. Do yourself the ultimate favor and never use this moving company. I understand that not all moves will be like this and other movers may be better, but in case something does go wrong, like what happened with me, Dolly will do absolutely nothing to help you.
My small job was done very quickly and carefully.  Thank you!
We had a few issues with them taking a while to get there BUT there were thorough and friendly and very helpful.
I’ve used the app before with no issue. I reinstalled the app to help with an upcoming move, and it won’t allow me to book timed help or the alternative, to book by item. I search for an item, and nothing appears. Frustrated as I had a good experience in the past. Would like to book but I cannot!
The helpers arrived early which is always great to be on time. They moved the most of the furniture we designated. They were is a rush and agitated that this was taking over 45 minutes (paid for minimum 2 hrs). Not rude by not pleasant either.  Would not disassemble a swing to move.  Didn’t want to clean up the debris left during the move.  Not sure I’d invite this crew back.
I booked my dolly to help me move about a week before i needed them. The day of, 15 minutes before they were supposed to arrive i got a notification that my dolly, Nicodemus, cancelled and my dolly was now scheduled to be at 8:30 pm at night with someone else. When i tried calling support they offered no solution and said they are allowed to cancel that last minute, but i was not able to cancel within the 24 hour window binding me to the 8:30pm moving help.
Tristan P. and Richard P. were wonderful!
Excellent service.  On time, exceptional care w moving my sofa.  Would hire him again in a heartbeat.
So excited about this service that I will definitely be spreading the word throughout my 55+ community!

Perfect for us single women! They moved a washer and dryer from my neighbor’s house to mine. 

Shawn S. and her helper, Amanda, were beyond wonderful!  So courteous and explained everything. 

Definitely will use Dolly.com again.
Mw
Matteo from Dolly came today. He and his assistant were awesome. On time and so carefully moved all my furniture quickly. I wi contract with this company again!
I was notified when the team was on the way to doing the pick up. NICE

The team was efficient and pleasant
If I could pick my team I’ll be sure to request them again
Needed help lifting a heavy item. Helpers showed up on time and were courteous and helpful. Really easy booking process, even when I needed to change some of the details. Getting matched took a bit longer than expected (booked 2 days in advance and took about a day for confirmation), but everything worked out great anyway.
This is an “instacart” or “uber” of moving meaning you rely on the UNKNOWN availability of helpers. If you are trying to set a moving day, DON’T USE THIS SERVICE. They will make you wait until the time of your move to cancel or delay your move further into the future to benefit themselves while you are left high and dry without a mover.