We booked Dolly several months in advance to help move items for our wedding. Although movers had been assigned well in advance, on the day of our wedding, we opened the app only to discover that they were no longer assigned, leaving us without anyone to assist with our move. Dolly never communicated this to us, leaving us completely in the dark even on the day of the event. When we contacted customer service, they informed us that while drivers may have been messaging us, no one was officially assigned. They blamed an automated system and claimed there was nothing they could do. Their “solution” was to suggest moving our scheduled time back a few hours, hoping it might get assigned. This made no sense—why would a few hours change anything after months of inaction? We explained that this was for our wedding and rescheduling wasn’t an option, but they offered no other alternatives. As a result, we spent the morning of our wedding frantically searching for other movers to transport our decor. It was an incredibly stressful experience and completely avoidable. Dolly’s service was absolutely unacceptable and added unnecessary chaos to what should have been a joyful day.
I scheduled this slot for 5-6. At 5:15 I received a message stating that the Dolly app was not working and they stopped earlier in the day. However, they waited until the last minute to send me a message! I called and I spoke to Kelly Hunter who’s name does not match her accent! She could not provide me with a call reference number ! She said I would get a refund within 24-48 hours. If not I will be writing another bad review!!
Very frustrating experience for me as I placed the entire moving order (and binding $$ contract as it was a next day request) on my phone using the app. As soon as I double clicked Apple Pay to pay, the app crashed. I then submitted a Help request as my info appeared lost and got a phone call from someone in India. She had to retake my entire request over the phone —however submitted it incorrectly and put the wrong address and wrong time in the request. (I wanted the driver at 9:30 in the morning. I got a message at 6:30 in the morning that they were on their way almost there, and the business wasn’t open.) I could not reach anyone to talk to and the chat did not work at all. Additionally, the farmed out helpdesk in India (I believe) had rude personnel. I would not recommend this app until they clean things up. The only way I was able to reach someone was through an anonymous text message I got at 6:30 in the morning … I called that number.  
Fortunately, they answered. The driver was awesome/very nice crew and I felt sorry for them.
Totally upset that I tried this service. Needed mover from 11-12 and no one shows up. Charged $800 and I’m being told I can’t get a refund!!! This is ridiculous! Can’t even speak to a manger!!! The worst!
This service is worthless. You can set a time window, but what they don’t tell you is that they don’t actually confirm if someone will be there in your time window UNTIL you’re already in that time window. So you can’t plan anything. My window came and went, and customer service just shrugged their shoulders.
We scheduled a Dolly service a month in advance. 10 minutes prior to the scheduled arrival timeframe, we received a notification from Dolly that our movers cancelled. Due to Dolly’s limited support hours, we couldn’t contact non-AI assistance and no movers were reassigned to help us. Absolutely terrible experience. We wouldn’t recommend to anyone.
Had to throw away a $1000 couch because the “movers” attempted to get it through the door once for 3 mins and asked what do I want to do with it? I want it in my house! They continued to sit it next to the trash
I do not recommend Dolly to anyone. They canceled my Dolly and still charged me for it. It’s impossible to reach an actual rep that can help you. All you will get it terribly automated email responses if you encounter any issue. Spend the extra $100 anywhere else and never use this company.
They have taken money out of my account without providing services and I am fighting to get my money back now. 
There is no customer service number. Do not use this app. It is just an app no actual people work there.
I used a couple of times. You can’t chose the movers so I got someone who had low ratings and was really rude and aggressive. Don’t use the app
So I typically don’t leave reviews BUT I want to warn people who use this in FLORIDA. It’s not good for last minute. You have to PAY TO BOOK. If they can’t find someone to take your booking they still hold your money for 24-48 hours. In my opinion it makes no sense at all. This was on a Saturday so I get it’s busy but it was marked as available. I was supposed to pick up a couch and bed set by 12 and I put in the request like around 6 am. They couldn’t fulfill it and they didn’t notify me until it was after 12. They called and said to schedule it later in the day. (Side note the outsource their calling so do not expect great customer service) I scheduled it 2 hours later and they still couldn’t fulfill it and didn’t bother to call either. So I had cancelled because screw this Uhaul is low key cheaper anyway. Now my budget is thrown off and I might miss out on these items. BEWARE OF THIS INCONVENIENT SERVICE.
They were almost 4 hours late claiming a fridge delivery. It started out as 2 hours late and then messages came progressively from there stating a later and later arrival. When I called customer service to see how they would reimburse me they had no solutions saying they don't do discounts or reimbursement and it it was impossible to do so......yeah ok. Additionally the driver told them his truck broke down sooooo then he lied to me or both of us about why he was late. Once they arrived they moved quickly and we're polite. All's I'm saying is if you foce us to book a time then you should stick to that agreement and if not there should be a way to correct it. If I wasn't ready and I wasn't on time I would have faced a penalty but clearly they have no way to fix it when it's the other way around, or so they claimed. Spend your money on a different service of which many are available, this one ain't it.
Unbelievable communication gap! David G was a no show due to back injury but sent a family complete with wives and small child wandering around during move… they showed up with a van for a 1bedroom apartment complete with sofa loveseat and bedroom suite.. only to  use me and my truck and my fuel… 3 trips to carry items they were unable to… they broke glasses, a mirror, and wardrobe boxes were loaded and unloaded upside down, making all clothes come off hangers… I paid 430$ to basically move myself with some helpers… hard working family… have submitted claim, but don’t see this company following through… how do you find value on family heirlooms.. wine glasses given to me by family?…. I hope this review helps management… very displeased.
They take 50% of the fees. The workers are low-paid and unprofessional. I end up paying $850 for moving my 1bedroom apartment. Because the workers are unprofessional and their vehicle cannot fit in all my stuff they have to do two trips (I did double checked with them in the chat and they insisted that a cargo van is enough). They also broke two of my tables and left stains everywhere on my stuff (the van is as dirty as you can imagine, and they have no protection wraps for the furniture).

But I would not blame the workers too much as they are low-paid. This app took money from both party while they did nothing. I was fooled by the "Updater" website that comes with my new apartment. The have a move in checklist and one of them is moving with Dolly. This is a scam put up by both these scammers. If you use this app, expect the highest price you ever experienced, the minimal service (packing and doing lots of stuff yourself), longest hours (8 hours for my moving even though I'm helping all the way), and damaged furniture. You can get professional pack and move for $500.

This app should just die and I strongly suggest that everyone (customers and workers alike) stays away from it.
Position themselves as movers but no one accepts the jobs so you get let down.
I booked Dolly and I went to meet up at the appointed time.  No one showed up and nothing notified me before I reached out.  M
Don’t use dolly
Damaged property and movers refusal to move furniture into my home because it would “hurt my back” up 1 flight of stairs. Also they came with little to no equipment and in sandals to move dressers. Don’t recommend as customer service didn’t help me at all my damage claims or refund.
We booked a dolly told them exactly what was being moved and where they showed up with one guy so the job didn’t get done
When I talked to dolly instead of rescheduling with 2 people to move the item they told me I would have to re book and that they would not refund my money from the first job that they screwed up rip off
Booked 2 weeks ahead of time and the day before, still no driver. Called customer service, all they said was “to wait.” You had 2 weeks to find someone and all you can tell  me is to “continue waiting?!!”
I requested help for three days in a row and had an open schedule to get help moving a refrigerator. Finally gave up and cancelled after the 3rd day of waiting.
Title says it all. Ordered a couch from another company with “same day delivery.” Was told they deliver through Dolly. Our delivery window has now been rescheduled five times and I’ve wasted three days. I’m going to rent a U-Haul now and I’ll just pick it up myself. Wish I’d just done this the first time instead of losing a day of work and wasting my weekend.
Planned our entire day around a scheduled pick up for a refrigerator. We were assigned 2 helpers the night before pick up. When we hadn’t heard from the helpers during our scheduled time, I logged in to the app only to see there was no longer anyone assigned to this delivery. I called and was told I had to reschedule. The soonest delivery window was several hours away and we had spent the day waiting nearby the pick up location which was no where near our house. Very disappointed in this service!!!
Awful. Avoid at all cost.
Requires a photo ID, no place to submit one. Horrible customer service
I keep trying to book and it cancels my order right away!  Also their helpline says their hours are 8am-10pm central time, but they were closed when I tried calling around 8pm 🤨🤔
Customer service does not care about you or your move. They keep rescheduling and nobody shows up. When you call them, they say there’s no manager to speak to and someone arriving for your move is not a guarantee. This is the worst service I’ve ever received from any company. They make you waste time, and money. Please do not book, save yourself from having an anxiety attack. This company should not be in service. I’ve never said that about any other company.
I booked a Dolly for Monday 23 Sept. Today, 21 September I received a message to say the Dolly service was complete, however the person selling me the item confirmed nothing has been picked up, and at home it is clear that nothing has been delivered. There is no way to speak to Dolly and so I am left without my money or my item. A huge fraud - do not use this service.
Scheduled the day before for a 5:00-5:30 pick up 4:15 they called and said it was not able to be picked up I had to go rent a uhal !
For a Team Dolly. 
Absolutely awful experience. 

 Ladies beware! 

I booked a team Dolly for a large heavy item.  The lead helper came alone because he wanted to keep the whole fee. He was small and weak and could not load or unload by himself.  And he did not want to use the moving blankets I brought or the tie downs. 

Even though he admitted he had no moving experience, he refused to follow instructions because “the man leads.” And th threatened “watch out or I’m gonna get angry with you” when I asked him to move his truck off the stone on my flower bed borders. 

 It took a full hour and 45 minutes for him to load one buffet onto his truck. Then he drove 60+mph to the drop off and it took 45 more minutes for him to unload it and move it 14 feet - and he could not do it himself. 

Dolly won’t respond to my request for a partial refund for the missing helper or address the helper’s threats or refusal to follow instructions. 

Skip the Dolly and save your money and your back.
Was having an issue and tried to get help. This app has a terrible and ineffective bot that does a terrible job. It kept giving me the same options and couldn’t understand what I was trying to say
Do not use the dolly site to book helpers. I had booked helpers and they cancelled the exact minute they were supposed to start with no explanation or warning leaving me with no one and a place that has to be empty in the next 24 hours. If you want a reliable company to help you move book anywhere else.
Zero! How embarrassing. I hired them to move 1 item, and apparently it was too heavy for them to move. 
Make sure you are hiring them to move pillows, apparently they cannot lift heavier items.
This app is ridiculous. It’s been glitching for more than a month. I keep thinking surely the problem has been fixed but nope.
Do not use this company. They do not hold up their end of service. My workers walked off the job after 15 mins and still charged me for the full 3 hours. Tried contacting support and spoke to someone. Said they’d call me back. Never did. When I call back they not even answer the phone. I’m left on hold for over 30 mins. Terrible company. Avoid this place!
Two different helpers canceled and one the morning of scheduled service. Ridiculous that there isn’t some level of accountability to your customers.
I had hired 2 Movers only one showed up at my house. I am 64 years old. I’m strong, but I ended up moving with the gentleman who came , just him. It was horrible. The worst I would never ever ever use them and then on top of that this guy Martin came to my house and started banging on my sliding glass door, the new place that I moved into I absolutely would not recommend it the police if this ever happens to you
I live in a two bedroom apartment. I checked Dolly and they said they could take care of it no problem and move me into my house. I was supposed to be out of my apartment yesterday. They canceled my move three times yesterday and once today. because of their poor management skills I have now had to pay for a whole other month in my apartment, even though I have a house that I’m also paying for. 
I’m a disabled veteran from the United States Army. If I could do it by myself I would but that’s an actual impossibility. I only have one working leg and unfortunately, I can’t carry all of this downstairs. if I could give them less than one star I would this company is a joke, even after begging for help, I still got nothing.
Now my money that I already paid for the service is tied up from anywhere from 48 hours to two weeks. 
Whatever you do do not hire this company!!!!
Work experience ever . I booked a pick up job from Costco to my house . I wasted all day waiting for a helper which never came . I called customer service and they told me that they are still looking for a helper to help me and if I would like to cancel the job they would be happy to cancel . I ended up canceling and renting a U hual can and moving the item myself . Dolly is the most unreliable and unprofessional service I ever dealt with .
Dolly used to be an amazing service. Unfortunately, this is no longer the case. No reminders, terrible customer service, no phone numbers to call if something isn’t going well-please do NOT use Dolly. So disappointed after prior positive experiences 5+ years ago; company has since been sold and clearly does not want to retain customers.
They cancelled my delivery 4 times because they didn’t have any movers available.  I had to go with another company.   If I could give 0 stars I would.
TERRIBLE SERVICE! I ABSOLUTELY HATE THIS COMPANY! BAD SERVICE BAD JOB DO NOT USE
When you go to the doctor I hope you don’t expect to recover the treatment you need because this is not a guaranteed service…. This is what Dolly tells its customer when they fail on them. Poor poor approach to customers. Total lack of respect for customers time and money. Never ever again I will deal with Dolly. To top it off customers’ hotline lies about delivery time.
Ridiculous service. Not only your person blame me for what seemingly unclear description he canceled it the last moment that I already scheduled installation. I'm going to make sure I'm going to complain to IKEA as well
Dolly cancelled my delivery with zero notice or reason.
Receiving multiple emails about declined payment after customer service being unable to update the payment method over the phone due to a technical error with their payment processor.
My furniture got destroyed during the move and it is impossible to get a hold of anyone at Dolly. I took out extra insurance to prevent any issues and it’s been a nightmare trying to get this resolved.
I scheduled a Dolly service for 4 PM last Friday. By 3:50 PM, I had not received any updates or confirmations. I called customer service and spoke with a representative who had difficulty communicating in English. He informed me that assistance was not coming at that time, and the next available opportunity for help would be at 7:30 PM or the following day. When I inquired about the likelihood of the movers actually showing up, he said I would know closer to the time. To avoid any uncertainty, I decided to reschedule for the next day. 

The following day, I was expecting movers between 1:30 and 3:30 PM. At around 12:30 PM, I called to confirm their arrival and was told that no one had yet accepted the job, and I would receive an update by 3 PM. Given my tight timeline to move out, I was left anxious and uncertain about whether help would arrive. At 3 PM, I received an email stating that no movers had taken the job, and I would not be getting the assistance I needed. 

This experience was extremely disappointing. The service was inadequate, and I cannot understand how a company like Dolly continues to operate when they fail to deliver on their promises. I will not be using their services again.
Dolly booked a pickup and never showed up. Non-existent customer service.
Extremely Unreliable service ! booked days ago and then Dolly rep calls 20 minutes prior to scheduled time to cancel and reschedule because they can’t fine helpers. Then after rescheduling, Dolly rep calls to cancel Again 30 minutes prior to scheduled pickup to canncel!!! This is not a professional service . Completely unreliable and unprofessional!! Save time and headaches use a professional service.
I’d give zero stars if the app would let me! 
My pick up was scheduled early and I got a confirmation and they no showed!!! 
I won’t recommend this service to anyone ever
Used them to pick up a small sectional from store and bring to my townhouse. The guys that came did $1900 worth of damage trying to get once piece of the sectional up the stairs. On top of it, they had to take it back to the store because it would not fit. They put holes in the walls, ceiling, hit the corners so bad the metal corner bead was exposed in several locations. Now here is the best part, the guy is oh let me take pics for insurance purposes lol, Dolly will cover $300 no matter how much damage these helpers do as they consider them contractors and are not liable for anything they do, got to love ! Now, we just moved into this brand new townhouse with $1900 worth of damage and they will only cover $300. Here is the kicker, on that day after the guys left to return the sectional to the store I get a call from Dolly wanting to charge me a additional $50 for them taking it back ( yeah I don’t think so ) and they charged me the full $203 for the service which is just crazy to me. So, $203 for service $1900 worth of damage and you will give $300 for it, so basically I got $100 towards the damage is the way I look at this. DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE !!! YOU HAVE BEEN WORNED !!!
Don’t use this scam of a company!!!
This is a zero star rating. I received confirmation that I will get moving help, received a text before the move day from the mover, then on move day was notified that no one was assigned. Terrible company.
Our mover tried to extort us claiming that we didn’t include every item when we booked a full apartment move and photos of everything were included. Tried getting an extra $120 out of my girlfriend until I told her they were trying to scam us. He lied and said he didn’t have one of the photos I uploaded (this was photos 1/5), he began with showing me the second photo uploaded, I told him to go back before the first photo he showed and sure enough there was the photo of the other bedroom. Instead of apologizing he continued be defensive till I told him to get off my property. Meanwhile I was on the phone attempting to contact dolly support the entire time with no answer. He continued to sit outside my property for an hour!! Never use these scammers. I contacted my bank and am disputing the charges. Dolly nor the movers will be getting a dollar from me.
I booked a Dolly to move an armoire I bought on FB marketplace.  According to the seller of the armoire the 2 Dolly men couldn’t move it out, they cancelled on the scene. When I reached out to customer support via email/ chat on the app- couldn’t get a human on the phone I requested a refund or a credit. 6 days later they emailed me back that they would not refund the $150 they charged and attached their cancellation policy. Which essentially charges you incrementally based on time. 
I was out money for something they couldn’t do. 
I’m extremely disappointed.  I feel they should have at least given me a credit for a future move or something. For a business that is in the business of moving things…I would think they should be prepared to actually move things.
The worst possible app and service
It’s very difficult to cancel a dolly in the app. It’s is very difficult to find.
Please book somewhere else! No show!! I booked my Dolly and I got 2 helpers confirmed for a time slot. On the day of the move, the helpers never showed up. I tried calling and calling but got no response. I was finally able to call customer service who also could not get a hold of the helpers. At this point, customer service had to cancel my booking, and this was a huge inconvenience as I had already taken off of work that day for the move. They make you pay upfront when booking which is a scam when they don’t show up!
Do not use them they are terrible. Could not get my delivery for three days. They kept telling me I would have to reschedule finally had to cancel the delivery and find another way to get my stuff. Thanks but no thanks.
Not only did the crew cancel my pick up after I hired and had to pay for three additional people to load my item. They informed me that they weren’t going to get paid for the days. Which is a lie as I just finished reading the helpers handbook which I screen shot their internal policies to show the police when I get them involved tomorrow. The cost to move my item was 260. They canceled my trip not I. And the app charged me 520 dollars than because the crew said they weren’t getting paid I payed them again 250. Plus I had to hire three additional workers at a cost of 150 dollars because the criminals barely showed up with a dolly 1/2 the size of my own. So where am I at. It cost me 1000 dollars today to move an item roughly the same size as a refrigerator. I have asked to be refunded 520 dollars and was told no. This is a scam and 1000 dollars was stolen from me. They did deliver it but refused to even put it up right so I’ve had to do alone which I was able to do because I’m not an idiot. I’m livid with this experience and will report this as a theft to police. I screen shot everything which I suggest you do because they take away your access to the messages. Also they were an hour late.
Never use dolly for your needs. They are highly unreliable and unprofessional. I posted a job a week in advance and it was assigned to a person. On the day of the job it was reassigned to another individual and then few hours before the job, dolly says we are finding helper. All through this countless emails with their support who are lame duck people just giving excuses. I wish there is a way to ban this app.
Dishes were broken during the move which is not ideal but I understand things happen. What I don’t understand is why the process to get reimbursed takes as long as it does.
Booked 5/27 for 9-9:30am 6/12 move. “Helper” cancelled ~7:20am day of move. Job automatically re-listed. Dolly’s auto-message said if they couldn’t pair me with someone by early tomorrow morning, I would become their “top priority”. Called support at 9:30am, who said job actually wouldn’t be able to be booked after 10am unless she rescheduled it. Couldn’t confirm what “top priority” tomorrow morning would entail.  She said she had to give new potential Helpers 3-4hr window, and then rescheduled it — for midday *tomorrow*, which I realized after checking the post in my app. I quickly changed back to today, but no takers. Stressed me out bad enough that I cancelled to request in general a couple of hours later. Now I have no movers. Oh, and I’m still being charged $9 “service fee”. Bad job, Dolly.
The app cancels jobs without alerting you.
They came with three people for a standard fridge something me and my uncle moved together. They didn’t have a dolly, but they work for Dolly. They didn’t put effort and get in the fridge out the door proclaiming the doors need to be took off again something my 74 year old uncle was able to accomplish after sitting in the car while I was waiting for them to get out they called and reported to Dolly that they had said at least that because that’s what they did for the 45 minutes so my delivery was castle and I had to pay Dolly 100% for the schedule move. DO NOT BOOK WITH HIM
We did not have a great experience with our service. I specifically noted the job needed a tall ladder. They showed up without one. I communicated via the app to schedule the same person for the next day. He told me he’d be there and never showed up :(
Dolly is disappointing. Never going to use it again. I payed Dolly as an extra just because I wanted to pick up a timeframe and Ikea didnt offer this option. 

By the morning the first driver sent me a message he was going to deliver it by 5- 5:30 PM ( more than 1 hour after I asked for). 

Dolly called me by the end of the period I selected telling me the provider had an issue. I got my packages only at 7:30 PM!!!! The same time I had a business meeting. Im sad and angry to pay good amount of dollars for this kind of service.
No one showed up
they canceled within 1 hour of the time they were scheduled for
If you have no other option buyer be aware. Herman and deleon I believe was their names. Let’s start off with that when the helper got there he thought was moving stuff from upstairs to downstairs. Granted we gave them two addresses so not sure where the stupidity started. So then the other shows up thirty minutes late. They was supposed to bring truck but guess they thought since was a woman they could try and weasel their way out. Well joke on them cause I didn’t return the uhaul van yet. So then they had no choice but to continue job. I was at work and my sister was there. She recorded all and audio as well. They talked so much that they literally almost ran my headboard into the living room wall. They damaged the old property wall, they didn’t even load up everything. Mind you I paid for two hours and got work of one hour and ten minutes. So moving on to the other house. They was refusing to unload everything and threaten to take off with stuff. My sister got this all on recording till I told her to tell them Newark police who I know some officers can be called. All of sudden they started to unload. They damaged my dressers, my tv stand and footboard. The way he spoke to my sister and the damage he did you are better off picking someone off the internet who never has done this before. Those other reviews must be bogus. The google reviews I wish I had found first cause they are spot on. Stay away from this company unless you don’t care to spend money and have your stuff damaged.
Great concept but terrible execution and poor customer service.  My Dolly order got rescheduled and ultimately cancelled and messed up my entire weekend.  Tried this service once and won’t try again.
Moving in the city is already the worst experience but don’t worry they can make it way worse by cancelling last minute and screwing you over! Stay away!
I was excited that there was a company that could pick up items from stores that don’t offer that service.  I sadly received such poor service that I can’t recommend this company based on my experience.  The helper stated that he would arrive at the store at 4:30.   We had to call him after he was an over a hour late.  He arrived not dressed to move furniture in a dinner jacket and dress shoes.  The additional helper that we paid for  was not with him.  The store employees had to load the item which was very heavy.  Which I had provided a picture and stated that it was very heavy when I scheduled the pick up.  He also arrived with no equipment to move or secure anything.  He did not secure the item in his truck and once he arrived was unable to get it into the house.  Overall, a horrible experience and he charged extra to take the item off of his truck.  Long and short of my story, after paying almost paying $200 the item did not end up in the house and could have been damaged.  I would have been better renting a truck and having the workers load the item, which they did anyway.
Never showed, rebooked, never showed up again. 

Please don’t take time off from work when using them. 

Horrible mistake.
I put in a request last week and Dolly just processed it today and said that no one can help. I then got a message from someone saying they could help but Dolly has not assigned him to help. I have a specified time from when I needed something moved/picked up. Don’t recommend going through Dolly. Customer service has been really bad.
I hired two men through Dolly to move a couch from my garage into my house/living room. Took 10 minutes. I was charged $160!!!  Never. Again.
This place is so unorganized and unprofessional not worth the money they charge.
Dolly has a helper assigned and then pulled them off the order and couldn’t get anyone else to “help”. I extended my timeframe as they requested and still not a success. Will not be using or recommending in the future.
Hired them to deliver furniture and had no one assigned for hours even though app says they will get back to you within an hour. I don’t know why Costco recommends this service- absolute waste of time. Customer service has no idea what their policies are and just made up random things. I had to call them when nobody showed up and chase them multiple times to see why they had not assigned a helper. Waste of time. Don’t bother.
Totally a scam. They charged me a delivery fee of 49.00 and they told me someone cancelled the delivery. Well in fact why will i cancel it. Now they want me to set another schedule for a different rate and have it charged again. Totally a scam!
I setup movers to arrive at 9 am to move my father to a new assisted living place. He had to move that day.  At 9:02 am, Dolly called to tell me no one was coming. No warning at all, leaving me in a terrible position.  

At very least, they should give a warning this might happen 48 hours in advance. 

Don’t use them if you have to move something on a certain day.  And no apologies or anything.  And no one to speak to other than a customer service rep reading a script.  Horrible experience.
Enormously disappointed that the dolly app took my credit card for the same item to be picked up and delivered same time same place
Obviously a mistake 
Can someone please contact me regarding this oversight
After 2 different days of not being able to find a helper in NY, they notified me at the last 5 minutes of the estimated window. Not only that, but they told me they would cancel it on their end, so the system wouldn’t allow me to cancel myself and then a week later they charged me!!!! Stay away, fraud!
App showed helpers with pick up truck but only labor showed up. I was told because I lived in WA? App still showed 2 helpers with vehicle were booked and coming… Nothing moved and I was subsequently billed 100%. Customer service does not help and they hide behind an email from a response team that denies your refund. Beware booking with them. Zero accountability after you book and pay.
They’ll call you 30 minutes before your scheduled delivery just to say there will be no Dolly to pick up for you.

They then refuse to guarantee any other time for pick up, dragging you along through the call with barely understandable English. It’s hard to be compassionate when you can’t even hear why you are not able to receive the services you pay for. Disappointed in Dolly this time around
My 1st Dolly experience went off without a hitch on 5/14/24. They communicated with me regularly until my washer and dryer was loaded. My 2nd Dolly experience was awful. If I could give this less than zero stars I would. I had zero communication from the initial time that the helper communicated with me that he and his helper would arrive on 5/15/24. The customer service agents did not understand that I was on an extremely tight schedule because I had a rental to return by a certain time and could offer no flexibility in getting someone to help me. I was excited about this service but not anymore. It takes one bad experience to ruin it all.
The worker damaged my table then decided to cancel the booking and blamed me for booking incorrectly which caused me to be charged the full $276 for the move. Dolly customer support kept reading from a script and would not give me a refund despite me explaining that the mover lied in their cancellation report.
They charge you for each small items in a bag instead of the bag. Once you select what you want to have delivered the helpers will change it up so it is the most expensive way to deliver possible. What started out as a $65 delivery fee turned into a $300 fee. Because instead of the the 3 grocery bags being charged they charged me per item inside the grocery bags.

Also you won’t be able to reach customer support in any reasonable time and when they finally call you back you will hardly be able to understand the Indian person they outsourced their call center too.
Worst experience! Bought a sectional couch and had to request dolly to pick up and drop off. They never assigned anyone to pick it up and it past the time TWICE! Their call center is in EST and aren’t helpful. They just rescheduled the dolly and said they are trying to find someone. No one came to pick it up and I only got a notification that they were cancelling it. Never ordering here again!
I regret using Dolly and will NEVER use it again and tell everyone I know looking to move to avoid it. I had a last minute move to a new apartment and someone recommended this app. Going through the process to schedule someone was quick and easy. However, I had a terrible experience with the two helpers. They were poorly equipped with moving furniture. I was watching them the whole time and they were not careful with my items. One dropped a box of dishes. Same one had stacked way too many boxes on the trolley that were about to fall off when he went up a ramp, so I had to run over to tell him to stop and unload some of them. When I politely asked them to be more careful, they escalated it into an argument. They were constantly complaining and unprofessional. I paid and tipped them and tried to call it a day. However, it’s been two years and to this day I still feel upset over the experience. If you value your personal items, some of which are irreplaceable, hire an actual professional moving company than go through this app
They lie, manipulate and steal your money. I would not recommend to my worst enemy, although the staff was great.
For time I used dolly, the drivers got lost and could not communicate.

I am now 4 hours past delivery time with no end in site, no communication.

Will avoid at all costs on a go forward
Dolly movers are unreliable and not communicative. Twice I have tried to move with Dolly and twice I have ended up renting a U-Haul and moving myself. 

Most recently, my assigned mover canceled at 3am the day of my 10am move. Dolly reassigned me a mover that had a much smaller vehicle and window of time to perform my move. Instead of an apology for the last-minute change that made my move impossible, Dolly insisted on charging 50% of the booking fee for cancelling within 24 hours of my move. 

Save yourself the stress and hire real movers. Avoid Dolly at all costs.
The company will not stand behind their customers. Do NOT recommend.
I was fully conned out of nearly $300. When my Dolly movers arrived, they decided my apartment was too big and would take too much time. This is despite the fact that I sent pictures of every inch of my apartment with everything that will need to be moved. They then refused to provide me a refund and then said I would be charged for a cancellation fee. They said if I wanted other movers to come today I would have to submit a new request.
This company is by far the worst I’ve ever dealt with. They will take your money and cancel your move just because. Please do not ever book with these people.
This company is pretty much a scam haven't received payment in almost a month I was told by a support agent I would receive it right away every time I called until the last time where the lady said she “hopes I receive my payment” when I've driven hundreds of miles and haven't received payment even if I ever get my money they have no remorse how could they tale  customers hard earn money and keep it.To not pay any of there drivers on time. I have medical bills for puppy to pay I couldn’t afford to just be driving around for weeks to not get payments.
If I could give zero stars I would.  I had booked the service for an item to be delivered at 2 PM. At 3:30 they called and said it would not be coming for several more hours.  Which defeated the purpose of the delivery. I asked how they would rectify the situation and they told me they are not willing to do anything, not even discount the service they completely messed up with no call to let me know. They did say they would not charge me a cancellation fee for not picking up my item and not delivering it. So they are saying they won’t charge me for doing absolutely nothing, thanks. 

They would not let me speak to a manager and were not willing to help me in any way. Complete joke of a service
I was waiting for days for this service. I went with a better company. Do NOT use this service!
TERRIBLE. NO SERVICE WAS DONE WHAT SO EVER AND I STILL GOT CHARGED 95$
I asked the movers when they arrived if I needed to pack the tv. They told me they had it.  They proceeded to break my tv and now dolly is telling me because I didn’t pack and protect the tv that they won’t pay me back for the TV their movers broke.  The Assistant showed up an hour and a half late. And I moved as much as the movers. When I paid for them to do it all.  I also tipped them huge before I realized the tv was broken.  

I will never use dolly again.  If they had negative stars I would give it.
I booked three weeks ago to move apartments and they called me 30 minutes before they were supposed to be here to say they didn’t have any helpers booked. Now I’m getting expensive movers and out money. Garbage.
Disappointed.
Bad service.  Don’t use Dolly.
They cancelled your order 5 minutes before the end of the day.  They use unprofessional mover.
Terrible service!!! Read the terms of service because they state that Dolly doesn't carry any responsibility for the encounter with helpers. I moved a couple of weeks ago, and one of the helpers bumped my furniture into the door frame, taking a piece of the frame and paint. Dolly refused to cover the damage, stating that they don't pay for the damage to the environment. This is terrible! If you read closely, the terms of service, Dolly merely positions itself as a "connector", connecting you with helpers. They do not carry ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR HELPERS ACTIONS. That's just crazy.
They drivers came late way past their window. There was no communication, and we weren’t able to schedule a time or reschedule a pickup. Ended in cancellation. Terrible. Would never recommend this service to anyone.
I booked a Dolly service to bring back some auction items from an auction house about 30 minutes away from our house. The Dolly app said the driver picked up the items to be delivered for 3 PM. At 3 PM we checked and the items said they had been delivered at 2 PM, but nobody had ever showed up. We have called Dolly three times and they keep telling us they will call us back… but it’s now been hours and we’ve heard from nobody. as far as I can tell, I just paid somebody $100 to steal my stuff. Never again!
I just moved into a bigger apartment so I have needed help to move items in to furnish it. Within one week, I had two bad Dolly experiences. 
The main flaw with Dolly is that they pair helpers together who don’t know each other and there is often miscommunication on their end about when a job starts, what kind of vehicle is needed, etc. I booked two different Dolly jobs that required two people and I only had one show up at the agreed upon time. I was supposed to get a couch moved but had to cancel. They have a bad system for communicating between helpers that causes confusion and lack of accountability. Will not be using again.
Have you waiting all day to then cancel
Setup dolly to move a kitchen island.  I included photos and a detailed description of the countertop size with exact length, width and thickness dimensions.  When crew showed up they said it was too big and immediately drove off.  Dolly charged the full amount including the fee I paid for damage protection, even though they did not move anything.  Overseas customer service was useless.  They just read from canned scripts and were no help.  They said US based customer service is not an option.

Buyer beware!!
Ends up being a waste of time. The delivery for my refrigerator was the same cost as the refrigerator
You might as well just be talking to a robot. No one’s there to help they’re just there to take your money.
My delivery was scheduled for 1130 this morning. The driver keeps giving me excuses for being late, I can’t contact customer support. There is only an automated question and answer bot. Refund policy is brutal. 
There is no refund if I cancel, even though the driver hasn’t shown up.
movers force you to carry heavy items as a customer even though this is a moving service. 

customer service is unacceptable.
Jobs on this site get listed for a low as $4 and most are around 30 bucks with long drives in between. It seems to me the people behind this app have never been in the moving business with rates this low. Even $100 for a 2 bedroom move with no time limit is very low! 

Then they tell you once a job is confirmed and cancelled the same day of the move you get 100% pay but I was confirmed on a job then the job was cancelled same day, and they are saying the system did it and they won’t pay me! That’s very inconsiderate of my time and schedule. If you cancel a job they will charge you $30 but if they cancel… it’s free and they don’t care how it affects your schedule! Save your time and go with the other moving app.
Had a time slot booked for 10-11 am for a heavy item pick up. Sent two text messages to customer service as I noted that no helper had been assigned to the job. At 10:30 am a customer rep calls to inform me that the job cannot be completed in the time frame and that it will be delayed. I asked if there was a discount given the delay and he said no. Canceled it. Caused great inconvenience to both me and the lady whose home where the item was supposed to be picked up as we had rearranged our schedules to do thus. Utter waste of time and inconvenience and no apology for their inability to do this. Why promise a time frame if you can’t deliver? Your entire business model is built on that. This was my first time using them and definitely my last!
Booked my time for 5-6 stilll not confirmed I had a great experience with them in the past . But now screw this I want my money back now
They allow their helpers to cancel 25 minutes before moving. My helpers cancelled 25 minutes before they were supposed to arrive (even though the scheduled time was 8-9 AM, they cancelled at 8:35 AM.) I would not recommend. The platform is unmonitored. I had a helper text me being very rude and saying that I scheduled this late so I shouldn’t be expecting someone to help— when in reality, I scheduled this months in advance. Take your business somewhere else.
Driver was late, pick up location had to leave. Transaction had to be cancelled. Currently trying to get my money back. Not satisfied.
They will literally charge you the entire amount if your helper doesn’t do the job. They came but we came to a conclusion that the couch won’t fit they barely touched the couch. If anything I expected partial due to them coming out but 80% is ridiculous.
If I could give a negative review I would. I booked a dolly, paid and got a confirmation of a driver. At my scheduled opening I waited and no one arrived. I went to check the app to message my driver, and it was grayed out. At some point today my Dolly had been canceled. There was nothing in the app to alert me to this. No text to alert me or email. I waited for half an hour on hold to find out what was going on and was told there was nothing they could do. They offered me nothing to make up for the afternoon I took off work to wait no discount. No free delivery. Not even an explanation of what went wrong that I received. Absolutely no notification. I asked for a refund and now I have to wait 48 hours to get the money back in order to schedule with another company. I used to use Dolly all the time and their customer service was excellent. I asked to speak with a manager, and I was told that that was not possible. Ever! It was the most frustrating experience I’ve ever had with a company. Never again.
Booked a Dolly, got charged $128, got an text confirming the booking time. An hour after the booking time, I used the chat feature to get a status update. All the chat feature did was say “I can’t understand your question please rephrase it” or something like that. I then called the customer service line and they told me that there is no one available. I asked them why they accepted the booking and charged me. I got no proper answer. I was asked to change the pick up time, which I never agreed to but they changed it anyway. No one picked up that job either. Then they tried to bully me into switching it to tomorrow.  Then they told me if I don’t switch it to tomorrow they were just going to cancel it anyway. WORST SERVICE EVER! They charge for their service but never provide the service.
Rescheduled twice
No helpers signed up for piece 
Customer service lame
Think twice and think again and again before going with this Dolli app , I had scheduled my move about 1 1/2 months in advance, took all the necessary picture and was making sure I was messaging back n forth with the so called “helper” just to wake up @6:35 am on MY MOVING DAY telling me that they had canceled my moving day! This was so horrible ! I had to run around and found 2 small vans to move my stuff ! It was a horrific experience! I NEED MY MONEY BACK!!
I’m so disappointed and sad that my dolly was cancelled the day of when I booked 3 weeks in advance. The helpers knew all the details well in advance and cancelled on me 30 minutes before the scheduled time. This is my first and last time using dolly. Contractors should be penalized for telling customers they didn’t prepare their own equipment in advance to be able to support customers.
I had a refrigerator moved and the floor was damaged by the movers in the process. Dolly doesn’t cover damages to flooring or walls, which is a ridiculous policy.
Large dent in wall from where they hit with couch, many large gouges on wood floors from tilting the couch on the floor, part came off of couch (didn’t know where to put it back on), mud on expensive rug (rug was moved prior to arrival to avoid this but because they didn’t follow instructions they walked on it with muddy shoes anyway).
This company is terrible. DO NOT USE THEM
Very disappointing first time use of dolly. Charged twice for one service. Jason states it is a ONE HUNDRED PERCENT CANCELLATION FEE due to two helpers being sent for one job. Seven hour ordeal to get a dryer delivered.
They showed up to pick up items that I sent in pictures for.  I paid for an extra large truck and sent images.  Upon arrival they said they wanted more money.  I told them I didn’t set the price, I paid what dolly suggested.  They yelled at me, called me unethical and said I was “taking advantage” and when I showed them the pictures I took they said “well now that we’re here it’s different”.  

They said they’d only take some of the items.  When I went to cancel dolly told me I’d be charged 80% regardless.  

When I said I’d cancel anyway because it seems like I’m not happy and they’re not happy, they said “I’m a terrible person” then began taking the items… 

I felt unsafe the entire time with the one guy yelling and calling me unethical and glaring at me.  This was awful…. Just really really awful.  What a terrible experience.  If the job isn’t something they wanted I wish they wouldn’t have taken it and if they still didn’t want it the job I wish they would have let me just cancel.  This was just wrong…
The crew that’s picking up the phone keeps responding with the same statement without understanding the issue. Untrained and unprofessional quality of service department.
I booked a Dolly over a week ago. They charged my card and scheduled two movers to arrive today between 11:00 and 11:30am. The movers then rescheduled for 2:30. Then they never showed. At 5:00 Dolly told me they cancelled and would send new people 5:00 - 6:00. At 6:00 they said between 7:00 and 8:00.  Who is going to come move an office between 8 and 10 pm on a Friday night?

Their solution? To tell me EVEN THOUGH I WAS CHARGED and EVEN THOUGH FOR A WEEK WE WERE SCHEDULED FOR 11:00am that somehow it’s not a contract. 

This company is completely useless. Their call center is in India and of no help. They treat customers like idiots and do not respect their time. I will never rely on them again. Literal disaster and nobody at Dolly to help besides rescheduling to have them not show up again.
I’ve never actually reviewed anything until this very moment of frustration trying to get two chairs delivered 2 blocks away. The app keeps telling me to enter the business name of the store I want my chairs picked up from. Apparently TJ Maxx HomeGoods is not a
Viable business name. It won’t let me get past that step. Keep up the good work guys!
Do not use dolly as no one showed. It’s been 4 hours since they should have been at the house. No customer service and no one answers
I booked a Dolly with two people to move a sleeper sofa that I bought on Facebook Marketplace. The person who showed up did not read the reservation details and wasn’t prepared to move the sleeper sofa. They brought someone who wasn’t strong enough to move the sofa. They also had dirty hands (which seems strange) and left handprints on the sofa, which the seller sent me a photo of. They asked if I could move the sofa up three flights of stairs in my building and were mad when I said I couldn’t help. They tried and failed to get other people to help and then refused to cancel the reservation. I will never use Dolly again. I’m using a professional moving company for this job and will only use professional companies in the future.
Scheduled a window from 9:30-10. Received a call at 9:59 that they didn't have anyone. Just like they can charge us for cancelation if less than 24 hours, I should get 20% for them not being able to give me a little more notice. I probably won’t try them again.
I booked a dolly to help move a dresser. When you book a move, the app says “you’re good to go! We’ll assign a helper before your task begins.” And “We’ve got you covered!” Then your appointment time comes and goes, you don’t get any indication whether someone is coming or not, and when you call customer service they say, “sorry, no one was available.” Then you have to scramble to find other options and they charge you $5 for the privilege of wasting your time. HORRIBLE! I am a realtor and will make sure to tell all of my clients and everyone I know not to use this app.
Still have not received furniture.

Do not use this service at  BigLot stores!!!
I requested delivery service in Illinois from Dolly for a Crate & Barrel purchase. Somehow the address and profile details from another customer in North Carolina were in my account this morning (I was able to see their home address etc). Then just now I received a call from a delivery partner working with Dolly in New Jersey asking me where they need to go. Apparently my information is now in the account for a customer in NJ. Be careful using this service as they are either having technology issues or service problems.
No show, no call, no customer service. As far as I’m concerned, this is basically a scam operation. I used them once a year ago and had a good experience, but it is a gamble. I had to have my credit card company refund me.
If I could give them a 0 star I would. I scheduled an appointment a week in advance, only for Dolly to cancel the day of. After speaking with customer service, no accommodations were made and the customer support staff was very rude and did not help reschedule.  This was the worst experience with a move I’ve ever had. Please use someone else more reputable for your moving needs.
Booked my mover weeks in advance and they cancelled 5 minutes after they were supposed to be there. They booked me another mover for 30 minutes later. When that mover did not arrive after 3 hours later, I called dolly and they said they could reschedule me. They have cost me so much time and money and ruined all the logistics of moving that took weeks to set up. Massive headache.
Twice - most unreliable company. Using in LA.
Poor customer service. No resolve just rude agent.
I used the app today to schedule a delivery of a refrigerator. The order seemed to go through. However, I came to find out that it was canceled. However, the app did not tell me it was canceled. So I waited all day until I decided to call customer service. When I called customer service, they told me that there was a fraud alert on my account. Therefore the order was canceled, but as I stated earlier, that cancellation was not noted in the app. when I asked to clear up the fraud situation, they said they could open a ticket and that the team responsible for clearing that up would be in contact with me. When I asked if that would be done today, they could not tell me or confirm that my order would be fulfilled in time. So I tried to cancel the order via the app and oddly enough, the app told me that it was in a “incorrect state”. I suspect that means that the system was flagging it is canceled, but the app wasn’t showing it as such. Overall, this was a bad user interface experience and an even worse customer service experience. I wasted four hours waiting on my order to be fulfilled. I used Lugg instead and got a response within minutes. It was my first time using Lugg also.
Dolly zero stars:

Dolly does not tell you there’s a chance nobody shows up, instead it says “We Got You Covered” in their app even if they don’t. They do not warn in advance that they don’t guarantee someone to show up either. 

Schedule a pickup from a retail store, to be delivered to a home. Time of appointment and no “helper” assigned, I figured let me see if this is going to be a problem. I didn’t see anything about this being a broker, or a broadcast service where it’s up to someone to accept the job… yet it is. 

Can’t rely on Dolly to show up, unlike other services they’ll be there on schedule.

Customer service 0 stars.
I have used this service 4 times without issue, 3 times for moves and once for a clinch delivery. The last time I used the app the worker showed up late, didn’t move anything said he had to step out to make a call and left. The second worker I booked never showed. If you have issues during the service you cannot get anyone on their support line, you can only leave messages. You have to email. I emailed the company and was told the service and charges would be cancelled. When the charges posted to my account, I contacted the company again and was told it was cancelled on their end and I would need to contact my bank if it’s showing a card. They then sent in fraudulent information to make bank saying the service was complete and that I never contacted customer service. They only sent part of the text conversation I had with the helper and cut off the part where I told him I was cancelling the service. When I went back to the app the whole thread was deleted. Like I said, I used them in the past without issue but the one time I had an issue they resorted to bad business practices and fraud. I would avoid using this app ever again.
Don’t use this app, get a professional moving company.

I scheduled an apartment move over a week in advance. The people they sent me were loud and obnoxious tweakers. After getting into an argument with an old lady that they blocked in with their truck they up and left because they were to “mad” and “scared” (by some 85+ y/o Asian lady) that they couldn’t complete their job. Then I scheduled a second move with this company since I was running out of options. They cancelled on me without warning 5 minutes before they were supposed to show up. I understand that these “helpers” are not the exact fault of the company, but dear god if you are going to let these people use your platform and be your voice outside of your office then you need to do better background checks. If I don’t get my money back within 3 days for TWO failed services then I will be issuing a chargeback on my credit card.
We had to cancel and we were charged almost $500!! That is ridiculous!! Will never use this service again!! Such a racket!!
The worst company do not hire them
They damaged my items 
They canceled my service 4 times
The worst customer service
Can I give a negative amount of stars?Scheduled same day delivery,paid extra for it on Saturday.supposed to come 2 & 4.Called me at 6.Said there was no helpers I’d have to reschedule for Sunday 11 to 2.Called me to reschedule 12 to 5 because of no helpers.Called me at 4 to reschedule for the next day.11 to 5.I’m sure they will call to reschedule me tomorrow & until the end of time. Trust me they ain’t coming.Save your time & frustration.they Absolutely blow
I scheduled a two-man lift and move for Saturday morning. I had to pay somebody to get up early to let them into the pick up location. The pick up time came and went without so much as a phone call or a text message to tell me they had canceled, I literally had to open the app and dig around to find the canceled order.  I will not be using Dolly again. I don’t recommend anybody use dolly. It is a very poorly run app that is completely unreliable.
We had booked the dolly for 135$ online to do a pick up. They never contacted me until the day of delivery. They said that the price was wrong because of a system glitch and it should have been 190$. I canceled the order. This is not how a company should work
Worst customer service experience ever. Took $900 and cancelled my second reservation without a refund. Unable to speak with a supervisor or manager — use a local mover in your community as they charge more than $150+ than what your mover is actually paid. Horrible experience 0/10, wouldn’t recommend.
There are many apps like this, but I decided to try a new one for a simple move of 1 item from my storage. First, helpers can message you to do a pick up outside your preferred window, but the app doesn’t update the time to reflect that. I had a window of 8:30-12:30 and he asked for a 3:30 and wouldn’t be late as I had a hard stop. Well, at 4pm still not here and when messaged said I’ll be there in like 20. The app to cancel charges you 80% if you don’t want to reschedule, so now I have to dispute with my card. Not worth it because when it doesn’t work it really doesn’t work.
Dolly charged my account 2 times in 1 day for a move! Then said it’ll be 7 to 10 days before my account is credited! Their dolly assistants arrived 2 hours early because they wanted to finish early! They were rude! I contacted Customer Service theu we’re rude and unconcerned also. This was the worst experience EVER!!! ☹️
My dolly was “reassigned” at the last minute causing over 4 hour delay. Then one of the 2 helpers left midway. I was charged anyway, and then the other helper refused to confirm canceled extension so I was charged additional $160. When escalated they charged my card another $360. This was supposed to be a $200 job that has cost me $720. FRAUD
Had a move scheduled several weeks ahead of time. The day before my move they cancelled the movers that were assigned to me.
We booked to move furniture .. 3 seat couch and one small tv stand . Two lazy and thinn and unprofessional guys came and said that couch is heavy weight. I and my friend told that we will help for lifting . But still they cancelled and charged $200. Without service this app charged . It is very unethical and unprofessional. I n ver suggest to anybody.
Literally never experienced anything so miserable. They won’t answer customer support.
I was disappointed with the recent Dolly service I had. Not only did they leave a scratch on my wall with the couch that they removed, they left a long 6 foot scratch on the wall, where it was moved to. They worked so fast that I didn’t get a chance to see these until after they had long after they had left. And after I had paid a tip. 

my advice: please double check your house after something has been moved and double check the location to where it was moved. There could be scratches there could be problems.
They literally canceled after they were already 4 hours late. They then dropped the ball and didn’t find any replacement. Leaving us to find someone else last minute. I do not recommend at all!
Very poor customer service. 

I’ve had furniture severely damaged and after submitting documents, photos, receipts I was awarded less than 10% of the purchase price.  

Their customer service is rude and robotic.  

Some movers are excellent others are awful.
Beware— they will let you book a work order and nowhere when booking do they mention that any item over 300lbs they WILL NOT move and when the helpers arrive they call Dolly and they’ll cancel the work AND then charge you 100% cancellation fee. The weight limit is hidden in the FAQs but should be more visible when booking. I selected that the item I needed moved was an industrial refrigerator, I included pictures and the brand and dimensions and yet they still sent helpers knowing it would just be cancelled. I threatened to dispute the charge and involve lawyers and then an hour later they removed the fee.
2 guys showed up, Although they were very nice, they showed up with a broken truck and  A lift gate that did not work. 
They dropped  the freezer twice, could not lift our furniture into their truck and now Dolly is still trying to charge me. 

I can not get 1 English speaking person and  he phone and they refuse accept my dispute!! Worst company ever! 

Worst part. I still need all the furniture moved!
Helper was hours late. Brought extra people. Was swearing at me. When I asked him to please leave he wouldn’t leave. He threatened to come back “I know where you live “ be careful.
No one picked up my dolly and I didn’t get any notification - no text - no email that it was never scheduled. Apparently people are more willing to work as helpers on weekdays than weekends. Lame-o
Dolly operates a full-on scam. Don’t expect to get your money back if something goes wrong. Dolly helper did not show up for the job—we cancelled and Dolly is refusing to refund our money.
Dolly charged me twice, once for the listing price, then charged again for the full listing price again with tip included. I called their customer service which was terrible and sounded like a room full of people just screaming on the phone.
I booked a dolly and a couple of hours had to cancel. The cancellation was due to a family emergency at the pick up destination. Called customer service and explained what had happen and the agent that answer the phone stated they had to charge 85$ for the cancellation fee. I was shocked why???!  it was placed two hours prior totally unexpected and unacceptable requested to speak to a supervisor and was told I didn’t have that option that I would receive an email maybe a call . I was charged the 85$, to make things worst I go to use my credit card and the charges continue to be pending on my account ! As of yet no email no phone call . Agent was extremely rude and so unprofessional. Contacting the department of consumer affairs to file a complaint. I am a blogger so I will inform the public about this as well!!
Horrible customer service . They cancel on you last minute .
I wouldn’t use this app ever again! The whole experience was such a bad and stressful situation thatI wouldn’t ask for it again. I reserved two movers for 6 hours, the lead one called the day before and said that his rate is high and dolly doesn’t pay them enough. Then left us in a state of confusion if he is showing up or not, we were very stressed since had to move out on the last day of our rental agreement. Anyhow, I called him and convinced him to show and I will pay them extra. The day of the move they both showed up, but nagging the whole time. The other mover smelled alcohol the whole time,  I think he was drinking whenever he had a chance since the whole six hours he smelled like alcohol.  Anyway, the moving was extremely stressful and I just was not able to get in touch with dolly customer service due to long wait time. Never use this service unless you want a great deal of stress in your moving day.
I spent more than 500 dollars with this company. The people who showed for the last delivery left without the item, and this company took half the money. They are scam artists
I paid close to $2000 for a container store custom closet installation.

My dolly was scheduled. 5 minutes prior to scheduled arrival time, dolly texted me they couldn’t deliver.

No one responded to my numerous text messages or emails. 

By the way, my closet was to be installed the following day.

I would never use dolly or container store again.

This was a nightmare experience
If you want your removalist to ghost you and leave you stranded at the last minute, then this is the app for you. Waste of time and money having to travel to my shipping container only for them to never arrive…
For just a local move 2 miles away and about 4 large items it was quoting me $860 dollars. Called a local mover and got everything it was $260 out the door. Absolutely ridiculous pricing here.
I used moving help only and the helpers were very nice. The main helper showed up just coming from the lake and was not happy to be working, but carried on anyway and was very nice. He was not dressed appropriately as he was in sandals and lake clothes. I thought everything went well as everything was being loaded into some U-Haul U-Boxes to be stored for a couple months. Come to find out when they were unloaded that there was damage to some of my belongings, not due to being transported to and from the U-Haul storage facility but due to the way they were handled by the moving helpers. As I was removing items I saw how things were placed in the U-Boxes and it was obvious to me there was no care taken in how my items were placed. Big example is that a 2 recliner couch was placed on top of my washing machine and the washing machine was broken due to the weight of the couch. I was furious and submitted a claim right away. After providing damage photos and even a photo of the one helper that was obviously still in lake mode the claim was denied due to liability coverage doesn’t apply to labor only moving help. I work in disputes and even my manager would have given an exception to that liability policy due to the circumstances. Just amazing how this company operates. It’s okay to have an employee who shows up to a job in lakeside clothing and shoes and destroy clients items and just wash their hands of it. I did look in my storage containers before I locked them to make sure everything was okay, but as my items were packed I wasn’t able to see certain things and missed the biggest problem that my couch was sitting onto my washer. I would never recommend this company to even my worst enemy.
Highly suggest you go with a different company
I paid for a $10,000 damage protection policy. I received $100 of it which is not even 7% or the damage on a single broken piece of furniture. The movers were also 2 hours late, rude, and the customer service was horrid. All my items were handled with 0 care. Just do yourself a favor and do not use Dolly.
I scheduled a studio apartment move in Boston three weeks+ before my move date. Before I was matched with a helper, someone named Daniel V. messaged me and just said “hi” with no further instructions. I was then matched with another helper, who I corresponded with but who had to cancel because he needed to pick up his kids. I was later paired with Daniel V., who I messaged with up until my move date and let him know I got a parking permit for his truck. The next day, when the movers were 30 minutes late, I called and messaged, and Daniel responded that he could not do the job unless Dolly adjusted his payout. I later learned that Dolly adjusted payouts for helpers because it was a busy time in my city, but I guess this helper wasn’t getting that. However, instead of contacting Dolly, he did not answer their calls or mine, and he did not cancel the job, which meant I couldn’t be matched with a new helper. PLUS Dolly support insisted that it was my fault that he didn’t show up because I had selected the wrong size vehicle. I had scheduled a pick up truck because I only had 3 larger items (not even a couch) and was only moving 2 blocks away. I was stranded on my moving day because this is a poorly run company that does not pay their helpers fairly, and the helpers are trying to get as many jobs as they can (understandably) and don’t have time to follow up with customers because they’re busy doing other jobs. They also have horrible BBB reviews. Take your money elsewhere.
I had two movers damage my property,  which I did receive a refund for. 7 months later I decided to use dolly again to move a few pieces of furniture since they were coherent in giving me a refund for my damaged property. After I scheduled the appointment, I got an email saying that I was banned. When I asked why, they refused to give me an explanation and said my account was suspected for fraud. I demanded to know why I was banned and I was told that it was because I had a chargeback…. So not only was my property damaged but I was being punished for it. Such a low blow and so unprofessional for what I thought was a good company. Very disappointed. Save your hard earned dollars on a respectable company.
The dolly wasn’t matched twice in a row and no one even bothered to communicate with me, even after I reached out to customer service
Please avoid using this platform at all cost. The dollies or the helpers or whatever they call themselves are inconsistent. My Dolly told me that he couldn’t come at my schedule time and that we can try for another time. The new time rolls around and I hear nothing from him, only for him to text me at the new time he supposed to arrive that someone took it.

This cost me six hours of an afternoon, and I have yet to receive my items.
Do NOT use Dolly. My “helper” never showed up at the agreed time and blocked my number. Dolly was unable to address the situation or find another helper. Dolly took the stressful experience of moving and made it so so so much worse.
The guy Jermaine that delivered my furniture was on time and very polite came in and set my furniture up with no problems
Our dolly movers showed up a little past 9:30 am when our scheduled window time was 8:00-8:30 am. They broke a drawer on our living room tv stand and left marks on other furniture. Then, when we paid and tipped they made us feel horrible for tipping on the app and not giving them cash. We will never use dolly again. Extremely unprofessional.
This was a small move of one piece of furniture within a ten mile radius. They tacked on a separate delivery fee ($28) for distance (?). 
The first day they changed the pickup time 3 times (a 6  hour window) and finally canceled. Then they gave me a morning slot for the following day. They could not fulfill this request either. After waiting 2 hours, I asked them to return my money. 
Might be a good concept but poorly managed.  They can’t guarantee that someone will take the job so you can wait forever.
I scheduled a Dolly which they assigned me a person, and the day of move I had no communication. The Dolly never showed up and I was forced to cancel. The fustrating part is they charge you to cancel, and one of the options is literally “mover didn’t show up.” So they bascially know the Dolly won’t show up and then charges for a cancellation when it’s their fault. I called support and there was no help as it’s some team in India. I also emailed them and was just told, “sorry for the inconvenience.” They are just out here scamming people left and right. Don’t go with Dolly!!!
I booked two months ahead. All seemed fine. Had communication with my lead even the night before. Then the morning of suddenly a new team. Asked if they could start the move an hour late we spoke all seemed fine. 20 minutes later I get a cancellation notice from dolly that they are relisting and they randomly assigned a time 3 hours later. That person would not confirm they would show up. So I find another company and canceled as I HAVE to move today and dolly still charged me their fee which is fraud. I am going to report to consumer fraud in both California where they are based and my state. The attorney general should know what they are doing.
Charged me for a cancellation fee ($224) when THEY rescheduled on me and then kept the original date without communicating.
1. Customer service on the phone is awful. It hangs up on you. 
2. Movers are very not professional. Ask you to cancel the order and pay them direct. 
3. Movers who are supposed be delivering to you - someone different shows up.
Waited over 2 hours just to get a vendor. Vendor booked me for 2-2:30pm it’s now 3pm no call no text. Vendor said he thought it was for tomorrow and not tomorrow after he accepted the job. Called company, company refused to give me a credit or anything but to tell me i can rebook again and wait more hours for another vendor.
I scheduled a dolly on Sunday for a Monday evening delivery. Dollys app says “we’ve got you covered. A helper will be assigned to your dolly before it is scheduled to start” however, no helper was ever assigned to our Dolly. Took time off of work to be there for a delivery that never came. I called and rescheduled for the next morning and again no helper was assigned to my order. As the store I purchased from would only hold the item for two days it was too late too keep waiting around and we were forced to go a different route. Will not be using dolly again.
Scheduled movers for them not even show up! Of course they already have taken money out of our account! Definitely illegal to take money from a customer without providing services! Looks like I will be disputing the charges with my bank…. Ridiculous 
Do not be deceived by the positive reviews!
I give 0 starts not worth of giving 1star as well
Its very bad customer service and they don't have control on the app or labor. Support just simply sits in india and thinks they will controls everything. They canceled my dolly as the labor didn’t show up on the day of my move. I have ever seen such kind of fake customer support. Please never try to book services from this. They just created this app to steel money and waste our time in moving
Was made aware of the gross pay disparities. The service wasn’t inexpensive and the workers are receiving an abysmal 30% of the total cost. Absolutely wrong considering they are the backbone and labor of this service. Please hire elsewhere.
Upon finding out my Dolly was cancelled two hours before my scheduled move, I contacted customer support to figure out why. They informed me that my account had been banned (with no explanation as to why) and that I had to go through an appeals process to reinstate my account. I asked them how long the appeals process would take and the representative would not give me an answer. As this product doesn’t do the one thing it’s intended to, I definitely would not recommend it and will not be using it in the future.
Booked a dolly several days in advance and never was assigned movers. They didn’t notify me that they couldn’t find movers even up through my delivery window. I spoke to one agent who told me she couldn’t help me the night before, and since then I have not been able to get a hold of any customer service. With no notice in advance, I was really left in a bad situation, day of my supposed move.
My movers are two hours late due to a flat tire. I don’t blame them for that in particular but they weren’t great with communication and updating me on ETA. Furthermore, I only have the loading dock reserved for a few hours. So I called customer service to ask if they had any mitigation plan or compensation and they said no. They said they can only raise a complaint. Moving is stressful as is but it’s infuriating that customer service isn’t of any help in situations like this.
I payed for a background check and haven’t heard anything it’s been weeks No update or anything
The Dolly helpers canceled within a few hours of my job twice this week. It was incredibly frustrating.
Booked our Dolly a week in advanced only to be disappointed with a no call / no show. No remorse or apology from the customer service rep. This lack of follow through really put us in a bad position, especially with a time sensitive move. Absolutely no excuse for the lack of respect and organization shown towards its repeat customers. Word of mouth can be a damaging thing, especially with all the choices in digital service apps. I won’t be fooled again. Thanks for adding to the stress of moving Dolly!
Driver ended up never picking the item up, after a few hours I contacted them and they wanted to add more fees before they would pick it up. Customer service was impossible to reach. Felt very unsafe with a stranger having the receipt to pick up the couch.
Calling software is out of date. Got cancelled on the day I was supposed to move. No one from Dolly picked up or even bothered to check in. Go with College Hunks instead.
There appears to be no certification that people who will show up are qualified to move what they have been hired to move. Paid $267 for 2 helpers and a cargo truck. They showed up with no fridge dolly. Proceeded to use one way too small and put our fridge on its’ back which is a no-no. Then they dumped and ran. Trying to get Dolly to make good on it now.
:/
Left my property on the loading dock and quit the job halfway through. Did not notify me. Customer service provided no help or refund. Do not use this service.
Trying to get a quote but it won’t take any of my emails. I get this error, “ Spread syntax requires ...iterable not be null or undefined”

Guess I’ll use FB marketplace or task rabbit
Right from the start, this process has a headache.

The pickup time was changed for no apparent reason. Even though I stated the location pickup was by appointment only. The driver had horrible communication skills via text. I reminded them of the pickup time window and was Ignored. 

The pickup location stated no one ever showed up. Got a cancellation fee notice. And 24 hrs later I’m still dealing with this headache. Just received an email stating I signed the terms and conditions and a $50 cancellation fee will be processed. 

Do not use this service. I’m reporting this transaction to my credit card company as fraud.
This review is for Robert.W. I was very disappointed because they were very unprofessional. They were late and Not friendly at all…they enter my home and did not speak. They came in with no booties on there shoes and The truck was not equipped for my sofa. I would not recommend them to anyone! Being a business owner myself. Professionalism is everything we must treat people with kindness,respect and professionalism.
Poor Coustomer phone service. On hold for ever, then get disconnected by them. Bought furniture from Ashley’s. Floor sample. Manager said try dolly. Fair price contract thru the phone on there app. After that no contact. They missed all there windows. Finally able to reschedule for next day. Missed Those windows of delivery. Was able to cancell and Americana express assured me I will get my money back. Would not use them.
If I could give no star. I would. Customer service is ridiculously bad. I’m a first time user and I’m definitely not going to be using them again. I hired for 2 movers, one didn’t show. I didn’t get the full refund for the second mover that I have paid for. Support is directing me in circles to different support team and insists I had to submit my request via email while I’m on the phone with an actual person. The move with limited assistance resulted in damages to property, the item that I asked to be delivered and physical injury trying to help this mover.
They will destroy your items and never refund you
A different mover showed up than was pictured- so much for “vetting each mover” as the app claims. (I read that someone else than pictured shows up in others’ reviews as well, not a single issue here.) The movers dropped my dresser and it broke in several pieces. Dolly will not cover the broken dresser. The movers were sloppy. Of course this is my singular experience with 1 set of movers however don’t be fooled, you get what you pay for. I will not be using this app as this was a waste of $200. There is no substitute for professional movers.
They give you an appointment but in the last minute they cancel it, and they doesn't notify you, until you find out in the app that your appointment is canceled. Don't waist your time and your money here.
I booked a Dolly to transport a dining table from a home in Chicago to a home in the suburbs. First I got a confirmation and then I was informed that the helpers canceled. Then I got a second confirmation with a new team and then they didn’t show up at the appointed time. I called customer support and was informed that the helpers denied the job. I now have to find a U-Haul and do the moving myself. This was a very disappointing experience, and I will not be using Dolly again.
Terrible experience. Used this for an item off Facebook marketplace, scheduled a day in advance. No helper was assigned for the time slot, called support, was told there was nothing they could do and to just schedule for later. Lost the item and my deposit.
Absolutely do not recommend this service if scheduling matters at all to you. If you have limitless time and zero plans for as long as they need, then sure, maybe it works.
20 minutes before moving we had one guy no show.
Booked Dolly to pick up and dispose of an old patio slider.  No show and no explanation.   Very poor communication
Had a guy come to help move us out of our house and he was very rude, yelled and argued with me about how long it took and then stole our dolly. 

Terrible service and will never use again
No after hours support and can’t cancel despite multiple requests.
The first time I used Dolly their movers out holes in our walls, broke furniture and gouged the hardwood. They don’t have adequate infrastructure to address the claim I made. No response from them after the initial filing. When I call their support number, its just farmed out to another country with no actual corporate contact or presence. We’re out thousands.
I booked Dolly for a simple “labor only” move. All I needed was an extra pair of hands to bring the washer dryer down the steps. It turned out to be an absolute nightmare. I specific that we had one staircase and everything that would be needed to complete the jobs. All we got were two totally unprepared and careless kids who showed up TWO hours late and attempted to CARRY the washer dryer down the full staircase with no moving straps and damage everything on the way down. My walls, paint, stair railing and floors are all damaged due to the carelessness of these “helpers”, who actually did not help at all. Now Dolly has me submit all the photos and wait THIRTY days for a response to my damage claim. Oh, and they will not issue me a refund for this terrible job.
Unfortunately it looks like Dolly is no longer a good moving service. They used to be great, I had used them a couple times, but as some other comments have mentioned recently their service is now pretty bad. We had a dolly scheduled and then they cancelled 5 minutes after they were supposed to arrive. No other dolly was able to be rescheduled making our planned move a lot more difficult. The app was confusing to use in the first place, and the customer service wasn’t all that helpful. At least they gave us a full refund.
Dolly is a nightmare.

After booking a delivery service for a couch weeks in advance, on the day of the delivery, Dolly’s assigned workers showed up at my sellers house and took the couch into her doorway, and then abandoned the project. 

They marked it as complete in the app, I never received my couch, and my seller was left in a dangerous situation with her door blocked.

I called customer support all day explaining the urgent issue and no one helped. I was given the same script every time I called and no real support, or even hung up on.

It still hasn’t been resolved. I paid for a couch and delivery service — the couch is now being stolen or destroyed by weather sitting outside, and I never received it or the service I paid for. 

Their phone service and website is a hack — they seem to be intentionally misleading customers and not trying to help. 

I wouldn’t want anyone else to use this service and have the same experience.
I scheduled a move 3 weeks ahead. I exchanged messages with a helper the night before. In the morning the helper cancelled 30 min before the move. I had everything packed. I have 2 small children who had to sleep on a plastic covered mattresses for 2 days because I couldn’t find another mover. Terrible service! Avoid at all costs!
They rip off the workers and the customers. Would never use them again.
These movers tried to dictate the start of my move from my storage unit to my apartment. My move was scheduled for 11:30am to coincide with the building’s guidelines and they requested to begin at 8:00 am. They arrived early and we had a couple of heated exchanges once they arrived at the apartment building and had to wait until the appropriate time to enter. These were the most unprofessional movers that I’ve ever hired and it’s making me question whether to use Dolly’s services again.
If you want the most stressful move of your life, then go with this app. This app is not only fraudulent, but they make you jump through hoops to: speak with an agent, have proper equipment show up - maybe a truck when you pay for it? The mover they sent showed up in a 2-door car. To be honest, I felt bad for the mover. His app also showed that I ordered MOVER+TRUCK. After myself & the mover called customer service, they instantly changed the app on BOTH myself and the mover. It was wild. Good thing for email receipts!! Negative stars.
That’s cancelled last minute and never rescheduled.  When I called and waited several minutes on hold, the operator disconnected the call.  Horrible first experience!
That’s all i can say HORRIBLE
Never confirmed driver prior to window, no contact made to customer.  Disappointed.
Dolly app is not transparent on the services they allow and don’t allow. They make their money based on stealing through the “cancellation fee”. This is unprofessional and straight up robbery! Don’t use this app! I would leave zero stars if it there was an option!
terrible experience
You do not have a guarantee of service. Too many stairs? The movers will cancel. Too far of a move? The movers will cancel. As confirmed by several workers who’ve contacted me through the app. The census shows that the movers are NOT incentivizing through pay. Cheap pay = workers who will screw your over for any inconvenience. Do not use this app
My direct arrived and was not friendly, complained immediately about there being more than one flight of stairs. There was one flight, but just broken into two staircases. It was me and him doing the move and he was not friendly when he instructed me on how to move it. 

He then asked me how I would fix that there was more than one staircase. I priced it on the app, and it was $5 more for one more flight. 

I was very frustrated by this service and ended up moving the cushions and putting the couch together on my own, because I didn’t want to work with him. 

Although I was dissatisfied with his service, It sounds like he gets 40% of the payment, and that isn’t sufficient, so I think customers need to know that.
The movers were great but if you overbook time they will steal from you.
I’d give them zero stars if I could. Extremely unprofessional. The morning of my move I as notified that the movers assigned would no longer be coming and that no back up is provided. The customer service team lied about the whole process and then provided no support on the day I was required to move. Avoid at all costs.
Worst moving experience of my life! I DO NOT RECOMMEND this company! I am a single mother with a young child. The movers were 1) Late! and 2) LEFT A KING-SIZED HEADBOARD LOOSELY DANGLING FROM MY STAIRWELL!!! The claims group first said they would only reimburse approximately $400 for the bed and $500 for environmental damages. They wanted estimates which I obtained. The estimates to repair the damage to my floors, walls, ceiling and head board totaled over $9,000. Dolly then came back and said they would only reimburse $500 total for the damages despite additional insurance coverage I paid for. I paid $375 to move ONE bed and they caused thousands of dollars of damage to my property. 

The movers refused to take the headboard over an outside railing to get it to a 2nd floor bedroom. Instead they insisted upon taking it up a rounded interior hallway that is too narrow. After they got the headboard STUCK they said they were too tired to try to move it anymore and had to leave it because they were late for another job! 

I had to PAY FULL PRICE FOR A SECOND MOVE IN ORDER TO GET THE HEADBOARD OUT OF MY STAIRWELL! The second movers came in the evening and didn’t want to assemble the bed even though it was clearly stated in the purchase order. 

They said they were too tired and would have to come back the following day to assemble the bed. The next day, they couldn’t assemble the bed using basic nuts, washers, and bolts. They tried to steal the washers to cover up their errors. As I was questioning where the washers went and looking diligently on the floor, one of the movers dropped a washer from his pocket, as though I didn’t notice, and claimed it had been there the whole time. Then, the second movers WOULD NOT LEAVE MY HOME WITHOUT PAYMENT FOR TIP!! I paid an additional $60 to get them to leave without further damaging my property or harming me.
Three days in advance we booked a dolly + two helpers for one easy move of under 30 min total.   Got confirmation of order and immediately charged, but this service was unable to provide anyone.   Waited until two hours into our three hour window, contacted support and was advised to maybe pick a different time or day!  We never did get any movers so…   Unacceptable service… canceled request  three hours ago …  still see no refund!   

Also overpriced.  checked local movers for same service …$75-$90.   Dolly charged me $126 after a $106 estimate!!  

Look elsewhere.
Mover delayed last minute. No communication .
This app and service is terrible.  I need items picked up and they have already missed the delivery day and I will lose paid for items
App got me all the way to booking then failed.  Tried several times.  Huge waste of time.
I could not have done it without them. Excellent service and concern for my belongings. Will use them again if the need arises.
Do not ever use this service!!!!! I requested moving assistance and booked a job. When they arrived they began a lengthy disagreement with me because the movers didn’t want to move my items until I paid more than the agreed upon price. Finally they began moving the first item and as soon as they got to the stairs they bobbled it, dropped it, and shattered the glass. And Dolly refuses to pay the claim I made on the glass repair! The movers were argumentative and insulting. And also incompetent. Additionally they kept saying they were only getting $20 for this move and I was paying $200- so they get a very small cut of the fee and are not interested in doing a good job.
I had the absolute worst experience with this app and would recommend any of the other apps or even a moving company over them. I booked them two weeks out and everything was fine and verified until they cancelled less than 12 hours before the booking. Then instead of even an apology they said they would find me new movers and didn’t get back to me until after the time of my booking had passed. I ended up using the Thumbtack to find someone else at a reasonable price and I figured it out. Do yourself a favor and just use thumbtack or literally anything else.
First time using app. Easy to set up and book. Couch arrived a few minutes early. Movers were nice. Then things went downhill. Got a call from the store the next day that they left two pillows at the store. Contacted Dolly customer service where I had to navigate several difficult-to-understand service people who blamed the store for not checking that all pieces were on the truck for delivery. I was looking for “Sorry, we’ll have someone swing by and grab those in the next day or two.”
Customer service for help is out of touch, generic and show no empathy or respect for their customers. They send help but ask little to no questions about specific of job or helpers aren’t able to assess the request to see if they have the skills/tools available to perform the job request before they take your money. Their policy is black and white, no consideration for a refund based on a job the helpers could not completed. They charge you high rate and pay works  low wage.  They don’t even refund you their high fees that the are not part of the worker compensation that they don’t pay them. 1st time using the app and Will NEVER use again. BEWARE!!!
I selected one pickup window and somehow another was selected seemingly for me. How to change it turns out to me a knowledge base that is not helpful so I am stuck with a time two hours later. No way to speak to anyone. It’s all app, no way to get a human involved.
No work
My assigned helpers had awful ratings and lived up to it. I left reviews and haven’t been contacted by Dolly.  It’s been almost a week.  So disappointed.
Hired a dolly to deliver some furniture from about 20 minutes away. Took the guy almost 4 hours after he left the location to get to me and dolly says there is nothing they can do about it. My suggestion to anyone is hire a local mover and don’t use this app.
They will deactivate your account for the simplest mistake I got deactivated for being stuck in a 4pm traffic in New York
Had a mover get upset over me asking for a refund because there was only 1 mover and not 2. Politely called Dolly CS, who then refunded me the price for the extra helper. 
The helper showed up at my house 2 days later to threaten me, and the police had to get involved. I would not recommend this company ever. DO NOT use them ever.