Lugg service was perfect movers where great arrived on time and handle all my needs will use Lugg again in the future
I was really thrilled to find this company. I’ll spare the long story about how I got myself in this situation, but I had to move a brand new, huge (77in), expensive and fragile OLED TV on. Sunday. Lugg connected me with two nice and incredibly professional movers who showed up on time and did a great job. They listened to all my instructions and took great care of my TV. Not only did they do it the same day, again on a Sunday, but they charged me substantially less than what the store was going to charge me for delivery 4 days from now. This app is very, very good!
This was my first time using Lugg and I cannot be happier. The whole process from booking to delivery was less than 90 minutes. The two Luggers were extremely polite, very professional and very efficient! Very nice job!
Marvin and Art were friendly and worked quickly with a GREAT attitude. Wonderful experience and would have them out again.
The team that came out to me were so wonderful very helpful willing to go above and beyond and just really appreciate it being a single person moving myself. I definitely needed that help.
Davi and Julio were great helps. Lugg made the whole process super easy. 10/10 would recommend 🙌
Never have to rent a U-Haul or beg a friend with a truck again. Hallelujah. It took 2 minutes to order a truck to help with a pickup. I actually can't believe how easy this whole thing was. I Definitely will be telling everyone about this app.
Great experience. On time, friendly, helpful delivery guys who put my plants where I needed them. Delivery was done within an hour of when I requested it. Will definitive this app again!
Thank YOU Douglas and Robert for being so efficient on moving our small apartment to our new apartment.
Efficient 
Positive
Careful 
Fast 
Excellent!! 

Great job! 

Will Definitely hit you up if something else needs moved! 

Great to experience Lugg!
I used LUGG to move my new Soulcycle bike from my BFF’s to my home. *Noel and *Krishna were  kind, intentional, mindful and just plain nice. They particularly mindful of the screen and the handled the bike like they were delivering it to one of their own homes. Arrived a little outside of the agreed delivery window but they were worth the wait, and life happens! Totally satisfied LUGG #loyalist xoLisa
I want an explanation!!!!
For me with my experience with Lugg! This company this app has always been on it thanks very much

He was amazing. He did not complain about the traffic on 37 lol I’ve driven it many times and it has not been fun not even once but he said no problem great attitude.
I order had a few things to move. I ordered and paid for a sprinter van that per dimensions would fit my bed frame. They showed up with a smaller church van that did not fit my bed frame and did not have the tools with them to take it apart. On my move out day required me to find an alternative means to move my bed frame. 

They did not offer to reimburse me for the difference in cost of vans.
John and Saxon were great!  Thanks again!!
Great app to book support for a move. Great to see live time updates and a map. Also great for communication.
I use Lugg all the time as I am an organizer and regularly emptying houses or moving things for my clients. 

I wish I could add ONE contact number to each scheduled appt so everyone stays in touch. I don’t want LUGG to have access to ALL my contacts. Please add this feature!
Our move in date was moved up so I was panicking about coordinating the move! A friend told me about Lugg and it was so simple and transparent! I could choose every element of the move and it gave me an estimate I could work with! Movers were on time, packed everything with care and efficiency👍I’d use them again in a heartbeat ✨👍
The guys were fast, courteous, great service!
Buyer beware, do not use this app. Do yourself a huge favor and search for any other comparable business. I was charged $134 after an incomplete delivery, (charged by the minute for “labor” at the drop off point when nothing was dropped off) and was told after the fact that they’re supposed to ask for an alternative drop off location (which they did not). When I brought it up to support, they told me it’s not on them and didn’t offer up a single bit of help other than reiterating their legal policies. Absolute garbage app and service.
Moving from a hotel after 3 months with all my stuff was made so much easier! Quick and Efficient for sure!
Greeting Maddam. Sir
I don’t   like the fact that you allow consumers to select 1 Luger or 2 I’ve picked 1 múltiple times and it’s always there not enough employees to fulfill my deilvery. On 1 instance, the driver never showed up AT AL!!!!!!!! This caused so many issues with my design project.     So if you feel that you are short staff and 1 Lugger, tell us that in advance or don’t make it an option because it’s almost false advertising. I’m only saying this because I have multiple designs clients that needs furniture
Saved me and my back! Reasonable price!
Well my first time was pretty underwhelming. The drivers said they received their pick up order at 4:36 Pm when my delivery was scheduled between 3 and 4 pm. I missed my anniversary dinner with my wife.
They were extremely polite and courteous when I first met them. They were very efficient in the way that they moved the two pieces that I needed to donate. I appreciate them being on time and courteous in their hard work. I would recommend these two any day.
Great teams and polite, efficient people doing a great job!  Thank you.
This company is not professionally time oriented. They do not follow through nor represent themselves well. Despite sending an automated message to email a support like that will respond ASAP I am still waiting for a response to that email after it being sent at 6:24. My scheduled pickup and drop off was for 6-7pm ordered 24 hours before from a business that spoke highly of them. 6:48 I find out a team has not even been assigned to my order. They corresponded with the business more than me asking for the business to have me change my order to next day.
Our “loggers” were great! 
Thanks for the help
Great service love so much
I’ve used Lugg three times so far and it’s worked flawlessly. All three times I had them pick up large, heavy items/boxes and dropped off at a donation center. Excellent app and service. My only complaint is that the app has limited functionality, without basic abilities. For example, I don’t see a way to update my phone number or delete an old credit card.
So quick, easy, and efficient.  Love that pricing is up-front and tracking the delivery in real time makes preparation a breeze too.  Always very nice guys, great wrapping of furniture and protection of delivery location.  Good experience on 4 uses all with big/awkward items.
Super kind gentlemen.
These guys are great for quick easy things but when having a console delivered they pushed it across the floor into the corner and scratched my floor, real movers wouldn’t do that and now my brand new floors are damaged. Beware!
I’ve used these folks on several occasions. They’re outstanding!
This was my first time using Lugg and the experience was terrific. I was apprehensive on using the service because of mixed yelp reviews. But the staff at the Heroic Outlet said they had only heard positive reviews, and their customers had used the service many times. i am glad I took a leap of faith and it all worked out. The delivery was on time, the delivery guys were very professional, and the sofa arrived in great condition. Id use the service again if needed. 

Kenny B
Hello there I just ordered my Lugg today item to be picked up and brought to my home however,  I was charged twice fir one service and I was not able to locate my Lugg. Can someone help?
These two men worked so diligently and respectful of my furniture and my possessions. I couldn't believe how quick they were able to load everything and get it to my house in Walnut Creek. They did an amazing job. Make sure to tip them well.
Great and efficient service. Very affordable. Highly recommended!

Alex D.
These two went above and beyond on a very hot day! They were polite, efficient, professional and helpful. I would recommend them again anyday!
These Luggers were great!  They arrived when they said and were very careful wrapping the fridge so it wouldn’t get damaged.  And then they offered to bring it inside and put it in place.  Absolutely the best!
My Lugg Team did a great job and they were fast and efficient too!
Impressed with the job they did!
A couple of pleasant and efficient guys.  Did exactly what I expected.  Thanks.
Very professional and friendly!!!
They were very friendly, knowledgeable and took good care of moving my stuff!
Many thanks to Myron and Omar for amazing service with a smile!  So grateful!! Thank you!!
The best moving service i’ve used so much easier than a lot of other ones. This was what I wanted not only did it only take a couple minutes to set up and it was affordable, but they had people ready in 30 minutes. Great they had last minute help available I hope my experience is normal.
My luggers were great, kind, and efficient. Also went the extra mile to help me unpack my 77” tv from the moving box and get it on its stand. Def recommend.
Did an amazing job in being efficient in taking all my totes and plants from a 3rd floor walk up to my new place almost 20 miles away!
My first time using Lugg and I was very satisfied. The movers were very professional ,timely and polite and work very effectively. I would definitely use again .
I have used Lugg a few times to move bulky objects I cannot move myself. They always arrive at the time specified, undamaged. It’s an easy interface to use and support is available if needed.
Very nice people, on time. good service.
Diego and Bruno are fabulous, careful and efficient. Would use there services again gladly
Lugg was great from start to finish! From the ladies who helped me with the Chats and guided me to do the booking, and later change my mode of payment, to communicating with them, keeping me informed until day of delivery, to dealing with William, my delivery man, who was very professional. GREAT company! Will use again if I ever need delivering/moving something . Felt very safe as a Senior!!
Alejandro and Jose were efficient, friendly, two of the nicest guys …
Never used Lugg before but I highly recommend them!
I’ve hired a lot of movers from here over the last couple of years.

They can do anything from picking things up from FB marketplace to an entire move!

At least where I live, they can often show up same day our next day and definitely within three or four days. It’s incredibly helpful!

One thing is, they will even move furniture around in your own home — you don’t need to be moving it somewhere else. I have found that extra helpful. 

There are a couple of movers. I have not thought we’re so great but most of them have really been good great or excellent and I will continue to use service often.
Support doesn’t read customer notes in booking. Repeatedly indicated need van with ramp or lifting tailgate. 3 out of 5 bookings got it. The other two total waste of everyone’s time. Had to cancel. Not guys fault. It’s booking or support fault
Lugg is amazing
The guys arrived right on time, and worked straight through on a very hot day.  They were very polite. A real Pleasure to have in my home. Thank you!
Montrell was so knowledgeable and helped us disassemble some of our furniture to make sure it would fit safely through the doors. He was efficient and made the day an easy process.
They are fast, efficient, friendly, wasting no time. They pick up and deliver a heavy adjustable bed in literally minutes. Thank you Rick and Brian! 👍👍👍
It was my first time using Lugg and I am super impressed! The luggers showed up on time and were extremely prepared. A very professional and pleasant experience!
The first time we used Lugg it was great. The movers were on time and everything was great. 2nd time I booked Lugg we were ghosted. I got a message 15 min before our pickup  window that the luggers were finishing their last Lugg and we would get an ETA shortly. We waited and waited and heard nothing.  After our window passed I tried customer service and they told me they “hoped” to have movers assigned soon. The store we bought from closed so they helped us get our furniture outside. Thankfully a friend came to our rescue and I canceled the Lugg. I’ll be double checking to make sure I didn’t get charged. Won’t be using this service again.
I wasn’t sure, being a first time Lugger, how things would work out. But I had such a positive experience! Deyson and Edward were very friendly, accommodating and SO efficient and hard working. They made moving heavy awkward furniture look so easy. I really appreciated feeling comfortable with how comfortable they made me feel with the move. 
Only problem I am having, being on the App for the first time is how to tip these great guys.
App and Service was easy to use and payment was one step and delivery tracking was perfect.
Speedy and great service.  Guys were awesome and friendly.   In and out.  5 stars!!!
Lugg has been great until now. A simple change to the website would allow a second pick up location… I cannot believe that’s not an option here. Looking for other sites to use now. Too bad.
We are so lucky to have a service that can haul away unwanted items. As a professional organizer this service is so beyond helpful! My only wish is that one truck could do both a donation and dump run.
Only had good experiences with Lugg. The movers have always been wonderful, professional, reliable, and friendly.
I could not believe how fast this was. They picked up my 3 sheds at Costco on Industrial Blvd. they picked up and delivered to Castro Valley. Within 30 min. Great experience
I’ve used Lugg twice now to move big items. I don’t have a truck and often have no one to help me move stuff- Lugg is the answer! It’s affordable and both crews of guys were on time, communicative, friendly, efficient, and took care with the furniture items. Highly recommended this service!
Love this app! Every time I get a Mover on this app, I have a great experience
This was my second time booking lugg and I had horrible experience. The first time everything went so well hence I booked it second time however this time it turned out to be a huge disappointment. Here’s what happened I scheduled lugg for some reason they were not on time they were supposed to deliver it by 6 but they took one extra hour both drivers taking their own time. At first they arrived at pick up location late then what we scheduled took ample of time to load 4 mini wardrobe and took their sweet time to arrive at drop off location then they had this issue to find out the building it was so hard to coordinate with them as there was language barrier instead of hiring two luggers my partner had to help them to move stuff after all this they charged me $229 while I booked for $50 and now there is no one to help me with my concerns all I can do is talk to bot! Is this the way to help customers? The first time I booked lugg I had this giant cal mattress to be picked and drop and it was with one lugger I had no issues everything went so well and this time even after having two luggers this many issues I had to deal with top of that why should I pay unexpected amount for your staff mistake completely not acceptable. I need someone to answer my concerns just chatting with a bot won’t help. Please get back to me if you value your customers and their concerns please 🙏🏼
Love this app! I’ve used it about 5 or 6 times & it’s been amazing. Easy to use. Great prices. Movers have always been on time. Really have nothing but good things to say. It’s like Uber for furniture! :)
This was my first time using this app and I was very impressed. It was so user friendly and quick! I’ve already told my friends and family about it. I will be using this app again! Oh and the loggers were awesome! 5 STARS!
I used Lugg for the very first time and Kyrie and Charles were very professional and did an amazing job on my transfer of the couch table and chairs. They were there on time. We’re very nice and very professional and carried through on all tasks in a very timely manner. I would recommend them for future moves if needed thank you again and  they are amazing.
I should have done it sooner!
Pure gold!!! Excellent experience from start to finish, great communication at every step.
Careful and precise
Never used this kind of service before, but will call again for big deliveries. The app lets you see where your drivers are from arriving at the pick up to getting to the destination. Excellent and so professional. 
They took time to help with the rug and couch, getting everything in place and looking great. I gave a cash tip to each
Of them. Thanks for making this experience totally stress free!
Highly recommend Lugg!

I needed help to have a dresser picked up and delivered from a furniture store recently 
As I did not have a vehicle nor the muscles to 
Get the dresser home!  Furthermore..I never knew this company existed!

Lugg was recommended by the salesman 
who helped me install the app.  The app was very user friendly.

Lugg was contacted and within a short period of time Lugg staff arrived and 
The dresser was delivered in record time!

The two men who came were friendly and were very careful not to damage the dresser 
When it was brought in to my home!

Would  highly recommend this service !!
Lugg has never failed me once!  I use the app all the time and the movers are always on time efficient and reliable
Highly recommend this company. They are reasonably priced, transparent, and the contractors are experts and always kind and helpful. You get more than what you pay for with Lugg. Highly recommended.
Thanks to Lugg and the expert Lugger, Edgar, we bought and received a new mattress from Macys at a great delivery price.  Thank you so much.
# 1 movers ever so nice and professional!!!
They are careful and did an excellent job. Would use them again in the future!
Enghel & Edwin helped me move a massive piece of furniture- there’s no way I could’ve done it without them. They were so kind and efficient, and the whole process was much easier than I was anticipating. 

Moving used to be such a huge challenge - but the 21st century has brought us apps like Lugg to solve that problem! Super helpful. I’ll definitely use Lugg again in the future. So pleased with the whole process. Thank you Enghel & Edwin!!
Great first time experience!
I’ve tried to use this app six times I’ve only used it one times successfully uninstall
Great guys!
I have used the guys from Lugg twice now and they do not disappoint. I don’t have a truck, can’t do the heavy lifting and getting furniture up to my 2nd floor apartment.
 They take care of everything!  
You choose your appointment timeframe on the app. So easy!
They wrap and secure your items in the truck. The app keeps you up to date on the pick up and delivery. They call you when they arrive and deliver with a good attitude and a smile. I will continue to use them when I need something transported.
I spent about 2 hrs of my time signing up for some gig work with Lugger. The support team was friendly and helpful during the sign up process. However, once approved to start getting work as a Lugger, I was twice in a row “confirmed” to work and then given zero work when each “confirmed” time slot rolled around. I was also given zero heads up that this would be the case from the support team. Please change the booking system for Lugger to only show availability associated with actual work for that times lot that you are displaying as “available”. The current booking system seems shady and I won’t reconsider becoming a Lugger again until I hear that they’ve updated the way their booking system works. Thanks!
I have used the app twice and both experiences have been excellent! Wonderful service, easy to use app, and great professionals conducting the deliveries.
Every part of experience was great especially Marco and Angel!
I love Lugg- the most recent experience was not 100-% cuz they misplaced parts so couldn’t reassemble the bed frame without going to the hardware store so I had to end the service. 

Would be much better if we could request people we have already used and liked. There are at least 3 other pairs of people that Ive had here before that may have kept track of the parts better and less strangers in the house. Cuz I’ve never had the same movers twice and I’ve used them at least 5 times. I’d have to go back and count.
Best thing since Uber period
This is literally an incredible app I love it!!
I had to haul away things after a store closed at night; not an available option to get help. 

I’d prefer to put the actual task time so the luggers know what I’m asking for.
The movers seem to be “independent contractors” just like Uber drivers. So you never know what quality you’re going to get. The app is very limited and makes it hard to talk to support and resolve issues.

Our movers said on the app that they were on their way but we watched on the interactive map and they didn’t start driving towards us until 1 hour after our booked time. They missed their exit and turned a 40 min drive into a 1 hour drive. We booked 1 to 2pm and they didn’t arrive until after 4pm. Then they tried to force our elevator doors to stay open and broke and required an elevator technician to be called out. We sent them home and we’ve been pleading with customer support to reverse the charges.
We were amazed by the professionalism and efficiency of Antonio and Francisco! It seems like we got excellent service for bargain basement pricing. I would recommend this application to anyone.
Each time I have used Lugg in NYC the staff has been RELIABLE - on time, so nice, agreeable, and helpful! Thank you!
Anytime I need something moved - small or large, these guys are here to save me. I LOVE Lugg!!!
Great service every time
Great company to move with. Competitive rates and great crew!
The drivers were excellent very happy thanks guys  !
Overall excellent service as far as reliability, efficiency and getting the job done. The item we moved ended up being disassembled prior to pick up which was unanticipated, so I asked the Lugg experts if they are able to assemble at the drop off destination. I thanked them profusely for accommodating and tipped significantly on the side as I felt they went above and beyond to accommodate me. They did not inform me that I was being charged by Lugg for the labor time. So a $70 quote ended up being over $440 after the extra tipping. I really wish they disclosed that I was being charged by the app. The changes are logical but it was very clear that I thought they were being helpful and was unaware of the additional charge structure beyond the initial quote. If Lugg could meet me somewhere in the middle by refunding some of the labor fees I would be very grateful and continue to use this app regularly, now that I understand how it works.
This is the 10th time I’ve worked with them!
Great app. Quick, smooth, move of dining room set
They were the best!
I had Alan and his friend from luggs assist on my move from Sacramento to Fairfield. They took twice as long as expected to move everything even though everything was already pre-box and prearranged for them. I felt like they were trying to milk me for time. To make matters worse, they took pillows that didn’t belong to me to help assist the move. It took about three days ago getting in touch with Alan just to get the pillows back. Lastly, I had asked them not to put the tonal on the floor because they could severely damage the Tonal. There was a table for them to put it on. I find that they put it in the second bedroom on the floor and now my Tonal won’t turn on. It’s already been two weeks since then and I’ve been reaching out to customer service and I haven’t gotten a response yet on anything. Worse moving company in terms of choosing competent staff and being able to reach customer support.
Customer service just copies and paste from a book. Instead of caring the situation all they could do is just apologize and not resolve the situation.
After a big purchase at an outlet store, the Lugg team was there in 40 minutes, expertly packed up everything we bought and brought it to our house and placed it where we asked. I thought it was a completely fair price as well. What more can you ask?
Lugg is a great service! I’ve used them for large size purchases for business and personal many times. They work hand and hand with World Market. Just got a daybed delivered in under an hour. All the delivery men have been very courteous and helpful. I highly recommend Lugg.
Had a lugg scheduled for 10-11 AM, never dispatched, never showed up. Rescheduled for 12-1 PM and they still did not show up or dispatch. Absolutely ridiculous and support just gave me a $20 credit and told me to reschedule again after I’ve been waiting around all day at a storage unit and missed work.
Lugg has saved me many many times. The employees are always kind and efficient, and the price compared to old school movers and towing services is an extremely good deal. Also the app is super easy to use, and accurate on time and price. I can’t say enough good things about Lugg.
They are friendly, efficient, know what they are doing, and made a move very easy.
The overall service provided is excellent.  RC was my delivery person for this first time I have used the service. very professional, efficient and friendly.
The movers Angel and Mauro arrived on time. They did a great job protecting my all glass case. Everything was wrapped with care. Everything arrived safely. 

I would recommend Lugg to anyone who needs a mover.
Can’t recommend this app enough. Have used it several times both scheduled and on demand for furniture deliveries from Facebook marketplace and local stores! They saved the day when we moved too. 10/10!!
They were two nice young men that delivered a couch to my house.
The guys were great!
Lugg support makes the drivers miserable even though they are the best human beings. I ordered a Lugg and they helper and driver were so very nice but as they finished the job Lugg called them screamed at them like their animals and suspended them!😡😡
Just had a sideboard moved by these two great guys.  They arrived for pickup super fast.  They were polite and careful with my heavy antique.  
They were courteous and friendly, and made sure the piece was positioned how I wanted it before finishing up.
Next time I will request them by name (if that’s possible!)
Thanks, Gentlemen!
Signed,
Happy Customer in Walnut Creek
Part of my Swiss knife set of apps, it’s the Uber for moving stuff. You can even order one within half an hour to get unused furniture (or whatever) out of the way. Their people are friendly, respectful and reliable. It can get a bit expensive but it makes sense for me so far. The amount of work charged seems a bit high as measured in minutes, so I’ll be watching that next time. But bottom line, it saves me time and makes me effective. It improves quality of life.
Salomon and Darbin helped me with a Sofa that I bought.  They took Exelent care of my sofa. They transported it wrapped in blankets and plastic.  It is not an easy access to get into my living room and there was a great time work between them. I highly recommend Salomon and Darbin.
Jesus was a terrific driver! Appreciate that he helped put the boxes all the way down 39 stairs! Great service!!
The app could not be easier and the service was reliable and professional. Thank you!
Scheduled this company to do a refrigerator move for us from my parents house to ours(est. 5 miles apart). Included dimensions, a photo, etc. they upgraded our move to their XL with 2 Lugers. They showed up and said they cannot move the fridge. And it is a 4-person job. I was floored… first they said it was the weight, then it was the 7 stairs, etc. I asked why this wasn’t explained when I included all the information. They said they didn’t even look at the dimensions, photo etc. until they arrived to pick it up. They also informed us that they didn’t have straps to tie it down. I’m not sure how they thought they were moving anything without straps or looking at the details of the move. I was looking forward to using them with all the great reviews, unfortunately it didn’t work out for us. Just caution if you need help moving appliances I would definitely go with another company
My Lugg team were fantastic. They were prompt, professional and efficient. They went above qnd beyond what I had originally requested. I am so thankful for their efforts.
I used this app/service before and it was great. Somehow if I am trying to login right now and I am stuck on “Phone number” screen because I cannot press “Continue” button - it’s behind keyboard and I cannot hide it! It’s very major bug which prevents me from accessing this service. I’m not sure if you have other channels to report bugs so unfortunately I need to leave this review. Hope you will detect it soon and fix it!
They are awesome quick on time everything set up nicely just love it we always use them
They fixed all my issues and concerns highly recommend them!
My luggers did a great job moving a bookcase and desk from a 2nd floor apartment to another apartment in the same complex (1st floor). They were careful, efficient, and got the job done! I always use Lugg for my moving needs and have never been disappointed!
If I ask to be called, I don’t expect to miss my delivery.
Used them to move some large items from storage within town. Involved climbing 4 flights of stairs

Super easy to book - I did it a day in advance and they showed up at the location right on time. 

Took care of items by wrapping them. 

Didn’t waste time, resulting in a fast move with no extra $$

Was very affordable compared to other services I considered

10/10 would use again
Rolled round table to get it out of apartment and chipped two sides. Customer support never responded.
I have to enter credit card info before I. An even confirm details.  Chose one size truck and it shows another.  It gives me an outrageous price for just two hours of labor, and I know it’s gonna take more than that to pack me and unpack me even though it’s just a mile away. And there’s no way to contact anyone, so I’m going to delete this and go back to U-Haul that I’ve used in the past and have trusted

It seems most of the recent reviews are one star with any of these applications. It’s gonna depend upon the local people who are working and if you can’t really search only local people you could get a great review for all those people out in Texas but there’s no one here.

Sorry. Can’t trust.
Team cancelled and didn’t notify.
Used the app once and it worked.

Tried another time and they didn’t show which caused a great deal of inconvenience.  Tried to contact, nobody to call. Tried to chat, only a bot that tells you to send an email.  Sent email. No response.

Went and grabbed a UHaul and moved myself (Not fun).

App might work sometimes, but if you really need it on a certain day, wouldn’t trust it.
First time using and I chose the earliest pick up time. I get a text saying they are just finishing up with another customer (which is possible how? Since I have the earliest pickup time) and that they will be 50 minutes, it’s already 10 minutes past my scheduled pickup time and if there is ANY traffic they will be late from the quotes hour window. I’m picking up from a stranger’s house and they said they could wait from 8-9 but no later. I definitely recommend using another service
I heard about Lugg from a friend, couldn’t believe that it could be that easy. I needed to move a delicate grandfather clock from point A to point B, about a 10 minute drive apart. I couldn’t find anyone willing to do a small move like that with a high hourly minimum, so I’d been putting it off for weeks. When I heard about Lugg,  i went on the app and had my move scheduled for the next day. Easy peasy.  The movers were prompt, efficient, careful, and the whole thing was done and paid for less than 24 hours later. Highly recommend.
I requested a big apartment move that took about a hour total load up and drop off and I had numerous valuable personal items missing, the developers of the app need to do a better job taking care of the 1099 workers cuz they obviously just don’t care
I used Lugg to move a set of like new washer and dryer. Two stoned guys showed up and broke the dryer while moving it. Lugg took over a week to offer me a moving refund and $75 dollars for the machine. Don’t trust that your property is protected by insurance - it isn’t and Lugg won’t do anything to help you.
I used Lugg under the recommendation of my realtor. The movers that came were very nice guys and were there to lugg furniture and that is about it. They did not tell me that if they needed to drive to my storage unit more than one time, which was 1.5 miles away it would be considered another trip and I would need to rebook the van for $117! What a ripoff! 
Had I known, I would have paid better attention to how the van was being packed, as well as not given them all the little things and brought them myself. 
When I emailed the company, the reply was a link with “here it is in the terms of service” and no we are not refunding your money, you will pay for the van two times for each round trip 3 mile drive. What bad business! Ok, so maybe I should’ve known, and also maybe it would’ve been good customer service for Lugg to send me something that spelled out the terms of service. I received NOTHING from them. Also, it would have been nice for the movers to give me the heads up, “just so you know, if we make another trip, you will be charged for the moving van again!” Getting charged $117 again to go 3 miles round trip is nothing to say “oh well” over. I tipped the movers generously, over $100. To split. 
Lugg sees nothing wrong with these charges. 
Beware! I will not be using them again. They are not keen on customer service at all!
Can’t recommend enough for simple moving tasks. I’ve never actually reviewed an app before, but like this one so much I’m doing it! User friendly and reasonable. Valuable on-demand moving services!
Is there still a possibility to share a referral code for $ off for the invites person and $ for me for the referral?
Had to do a last minute run so got two drivers in 40 minutes. Really nice guys and they were very helpful with my small batch of stuff. They secured my stuff very well in their pickup and brought me everything in perfect condition. Glad to know they’re still consistently good; I haven’t used them since probably 2015ish. Will use again!
Alberto & Kevin were so helpful, kind and on time in the rain. Couldn’t ask for more. Thank you so much!
the app is intentionally misleading and WAY overcharges. you are much better off finding someone local who help you. the whole thing feels scammy
Underlying service is as good as you’d expect from gig-work. However, I scheduled the move more than 2 weeks in advance and my Lugger didn’t know until 20 minutes before the scheduled time. Why not offer drivers the option to take a nearby job ahead of time?? You can still pull people suddenly if you have to, but why can’t a customer try to help someone plan ahead and allow client and Lugger to communicate ahead of time? Would’ve given both client and Lugger better experience.
Otherwise well-designed app, and the Lugger themselves was quick and friendly. Most likely a case of app & execs trying to CYA.
TLDR: avoid this company for it's pricing model. I was charged $700 for moving a studio apt furniture 7 blocks in Manhattan.

I hired a Lugg XL to move my studio apartment furniture 7 blocks in Manhattan. the movers were not incentivized to work fast, so I worked alongside them as a 3rd member. they were nice guys but I had so many issues with my experience. 

1. Dont use Lugg for big moves.Lugg XL is not a moving truck, it's a sprinter van. My movers spent most of the time ($$$) deciding on how to fit my furniture.

2. My furniture got damaged. I guess because I boxed everything up myself, they didn't bother to wrap my furniture with blankets. I ended up getting scratches on my tv stand, couch, and dining chair. 

3. Charging begins when their GPS says they are at pickup. But this doesn't take into account parking! My movers ate up 30 minutes just trying to settle parking even though it was indoor garage parking

4. Predatory pricing model. Because of the pay-per-minute, I felt compelled to help out with the move to speed things along. I was the only one with a sense of urgency. God knows how long it would have taken without my hand. Honestly I didn't realize how screwed I got until the movers left and I got slapped with a fat bill. I literally just worked with them for several hours and then got handed a $700 bill and damaged furniture.

This is my first app store review and hopefully my last. Please avoid moving companies with this pricing model. Just do a flat fee and breathe easy.
I always have a good experience with Lugg. They are super affordable and ready at a moments notice for those last minute moves. My movers have all been professional and careful as well. I’d love to call each mover out by name but I’m short on time… just know that all of my movers in the Bay Area have been awesome! I even got movers scheduled last minute for New Years Day (go Lugg!)!
Great movers. On time and efficient. Just a little expensive. 

Denn
Lugg is a great service, but both the website and the app have so many issues. I tried to change my card info, and when I save the info it doesn’t show the info as saved. But then I exit the app and go back and it looks like it saved it twice. Then I can’t tell if it’s using the correct card info … it’s a mess.
I just started using Lugg for local delivery of major furniture purchases and a small move and I’m impressed with the punctuality, service, and ease of booking.
To loggersSwitched to king size mattresses from the first floor to the second floor quickly and without incident. The move was perfect, and the loggers were pleasant and competent.
Lugg is the one app that brings together great user experience with great offline service in unexpected ways. I have booked 3 Luggs - one same-day, after another mover dropped out at the last minute - and every single one has been prompt, friendly, affordable, and extremely professional. I am shocked by how seamless and delightful this experience is. It’s the kind of thing that was unimaginable just a few years ago. Lugg has set a new standard for moving, hauling and furniture delivery. I’m such a fan!
I’ve used Lugg for small moves, furniture pickups etc before and been satisfied. I used it in nyc recently and was appalled. The Lugg guy showed up 4.5 hours after the end of the arrival window. There were supposed to be two people and a van (they charge extra for this) but there was only one mover. He refused to wear a mask and kept taking it off after I provided him a clean wrapped one since he didn’t have it. On top of all this, Lugg has eliminated all customer service except email. They take hours or even days to respond to emails making it useless when you have an issue during a move. I would never use Lugg again after this. Oh btw the rating prompt in the app is broken probably intentionally- if you give your luggers  less than 3 stars it won’t do anything when you press save. Probably why all their crews have 5 stars… now cue defensive responsive from this sleazy startup in 5..4..3..2…
I have used Lugg for all my moving, and it’s so much better than other platforms - Yelp or TaskRabbit! 

Always worry-free, and every driver and mover is extremely professional and efficient! 

Highly recommend!
Scheduled 2 days in advance. Right before the pickup window start I was notified that the Luggers would be an hour late to pickup but would find another nearby crew. The crew was great but the scheduling is ridiculous. I was picking up from a business so it’s fine they were late within business hours. If you’re using them to pick up from a private home/individual person (ie CL or FBM) forget it! What a pain for both parties.  Also ridiculous I could schedule online/mobile without app but must download app to rate the crew so they can get credit. At some point we don’t need an app for that when it’s a one time deal.
On time, very careful, very polite, can’t ask for more than that!
My sister who lives in San Fran, CA used Lugg recently and she recommended the app to me. Today I needed to move some chairs from TJMaxx to my apartment in Cambridge, MA.   Within an hour of booking the pickup the chairs were in my living.
I had a minor issue with Lugg and they went above and beyond to resolve it!  I will definitely use it again and recommend to all of my friends and family.  They stood behind their promise and kept going until the job was done which really meant a lot and made me a loyal customer for life!
Very good timely service and the mover David did a good job making sure to safely transport the piece
Something new to Experiance 

Pretty good stuffs
Bought a chair at Costco;  they came picked it up delivered it got it into my house. Couldn't ask for a better service.
Today was the first time I heard of this service when I was making a purchase at home goods in Jantzen Beach. The service was fast friendly and without damage. And the best part is it came within a couple hours of me making a purchase!! I would highly recommend this service and especially Jason and Savon. They get it done and on time. Thanks for making Saturday on this Labor Day Weekend! Life is good.
Great Guys!! Professional & Efficient!
Will Use Lugg Again!!!
First time using Lugg.  Easy to setup and use. Ordered late at night for next morning. App was helpful showing  truck in route and exact time arriving-on time as promised. 
James and Stanley arrived and moved a super heavy and big piece of furniture. They were respectful, friendly and did the job quickly without any damage.   Would definitely recommend Lugg and both these 2 men-(they have a big truck) you will not be disappointed!   They also have a great personality!
If you are looking to move 1 item or a few, this is the best service. Reasonably priced for a moving service. The people the employ are kind and very helpful.
We were on a short time frame to get PODS repacked from a previous moving company that not only did a horrible job but did not complete the task.    I had heard about Lugg and thought I’d try, and I’m so glad we did.
Daniel and Kris showed up and saved the day.  
They completely emptied the PODS and worked tirelessly to repacked them properly, working late even using car headlights to finish the job.   
I can’t say enough about the excellent service and professionalism these guys did!
We are forever grateful
My whole experience was explicitly beyond compare.  This app is awesome and with no regrets.  I got an instant schedule for pick up and in a matter of few hrs the whole thing was done.
I love it!
These guys were so efficient and fast. Asked if we needed any more help before they left.
They were on time and got straight to work. Thank you!! I gave them cash tip, hope that was ok.
Was very please with their service.  Delivered at the right time as agreed.  Will be using Lugg again.
I am a first-time Lugg user and this was so smooth! The team that was sent was professional, efficient, and focused on getting me moved! Can’t recommend them highly enough!!!
Can cost a lot more than you think
Joey and Ken provided excellent service! They were quick to arrive, showed up with a positive attitude and ready to help. They moved in my new furniture safely and efficiently. I will definitely use Lugg again, thanks again Joey and Ken! 

-Jessica
I have used Lugg twice and I am very impressed with their service. The first time I used Lugg I was moving and the moving truck that I hired suddenly canceled and Lugg showed up within one hour and moved my entire house! Friendly, polite, efficient. Fantastic service!
Cheap, fast, friendly but dang every time I use Lugg they smack my furniture into the wall and remove some paint. Now that I have nice stuff I think I won’t use the service anymore.
I will definitely use Lugg again—fast, friendly, and careful!
Bought a credenza, ordered a Lugg service which only took less than five minutes to download the app and navigate it. Had pick up within an hour and a half and delivery soon after. Really impressed with the service
Moving is very stressful and costly but Lugg did a great job in giving us the most affordable moving options. This is my first time moving with lots of stuff and first time using Lugg. Was hesitant at first but decided to give it a try. GLAD I DID!! Compared to traditional moving companies, they offer more flexibility in terms of time, cost. There’s no minimum hours, it all depends on how much stuff you have (price per minute). So it’s fair and reasonable. They’re also very on time. They let us know when the movers are on the way through messages and also update every progress through messages. Very transparent and innovative. The Lugg app is very nice, informative and easy to understand. 

My stuff was moved safely and in good condition, no damage. They’re very dedicated when handling our fragile stuff. They deserve a good review and that’s why I did this here. 

I love Lugg and want to use and support Lugg. The product like Lugg is transforming the moving industry, making it more customer friendly, affordable and hi-tech.  

Please keep up the great work! I’m rooting for you!
I just moved into a new place and every other company has dropped the ball with scheduling. Not Lugg. Here within the hour. Super professional. Quick and friendly. Definitely will use again.
Amazing service and pricing. Two guys who came were moving experts and friendly. Highly recommended!
Overall, the movers and the people are amazing. The app is highly inaccurate in terms of arrival time, I received about 10 separate links to track my package. The delivery was delayed but that didn’t bother me. What was more problematic was the communication and the lack of confidence it instilled in me as a consumer. Lugg has potential but it’s tech needs work.
lugger never showed up and support never responded to my email.
money was still taken from my account.
Strongly do not recommend. The app seemed super straightforward but the movers never showed up. I tried emailing the customer support, and have not heard back. No further contact. Strongly do not recommend.
So we got a free table on craigslist and Michael and Dominique showed up promptly when the app said they were going to be showing up they brought a truck and all of the tools needed to move something very heavy. What I mean by elephant is this was no joke it was 
Supposedly the heaviest thing they had ever lifted by far it had to be a 500 pound table and these guys handled it like professionals and champs.  It took a lot of effort and they never complained just got it done. Then when they were done they offered to move a plant from the driveway that was pretty heavy as well because they could see that it was going to go with the table really professional really good workers I’m very impressed.
John and Brent worked professional with good manner. They were very careful when they moved the funiture. There was no damage at all. I like the quality of Lugg. Definitely I will use Lugg when I need in future and recommend Lugg to my friends as well. Thank you. 

Hui
I requested for 4 luggers so thats two teams. I received a confirmation for two teams but when the day came to move my piano, I received a notification that only 1 team only was on the way. I tried contacting customer service. Lugg’s customer service is via email only. So it takes forever to get a response. The other team tried contacting customer service as well. Lugg finally got in touch and said that it’ll be 1hr wait for team 2. So team 1 is waiting and every minute is charged so charge services adds up. I ended up canceling order. The two gentlemen waited patiently and were great sports. My piano was never moved from my garage to my living room. I do not recommend Lugg for two team services (4 or more people).
I’m very happy with the work of these guys!! They were friendly but very business like. They were thoughtful and showed concern for my belongings.
The best I’ve seen. They moved 2 stoves and a dishwasher to my mom’s house.
They arrived timely and very careful with the items. I’m so happy !
They had to climb 28 steps to get to my front door. Then they had to maneuver around tight corners & small doorways of my 1954 house. They were amazing! Friendly and professional. Mark & Mathew were a great team!
Loggers came 20+ minutes late, yet it was counted towards my bill as extra $40+ dollars. Then they take their time moving and wrapping very slowly, much slower than the other moving services I used. I’m guessing it’s because the slower they are, the more labor minutes are counted, and the more they will earn. It’s like if Uber is charged by minutes and driver takes detour to get you there. It’s horrible experience watching them wrapping and inching slowly while I’m in a hurry to finish up moving and continue with my work. I even helped them move because they are so slow and I couldn’t stand it. Then I contacted Lugg support. And there was no response. I WILL NEVER USE LUGG AFTER THIS TIME.

Update:
Customer support told me they refunded me 10 dollars for courtesy reason and claimed there is not wrong in their calculation that only 31 minutes were counted yet the app clearly shows 40+67 minutes were counted respectively at pickup and destination. After I responded that, customer support never care to respond again. What’s worse, I don’t even see that 10 dollars refunded in my bank. What a customer service I can only say.
Seriously 5 star experience! They showed up when I needed, we’re super friendly, and even complimented my decor. Even though it was an in-house move, I noticed they had a really really nice truck. They were also efficient with their time which is always appreciated. Highly recommend!
Chris and Johnny were just delightful…. They were strong and efficient, and VERY professional! I would hire them in the future without hesitation…. Very friendly guys, and wonderful to work with!
I booked a lite Lugg to grab a few things from Ikea because I was there on my motorcycle and figured it would only take 45 minutes as the app said. I ended up having 2 drivers cancel, was unable to talk to them, couldn’t see where the car was as it didn’t appear on the map and also wasn’t able to reach out to Lugg for customer support. After waiting for 2 hours my movers showed up but they were nice enough to let me know that someone from Ikea was supposed to have all my stuff pulled aside and they weren’t even supposed to be talking to me, so it was a weird feeling to just leave my stuff with someone who wasn’t sure what to do with it. And what looked like it was going to be an organized partnership with the store ended up being and drawn out confusing experience that I wouldn’t recommend to anyone.
Great experience. Luggers were professional, fast and efficient!
They were on time. Very courteous. 
Highly recommended!!!!
Very easy to work with and efficient. Highly recommend!
They were beyond helpful and efficient couldn’t ask for better service delivered in the middle of a rain storm !
I loved my experience; it was simple, fast, and fabulous! I will use this service again!
Lopez and Pablo were on time, moved the furniture in great shape and were quick to load and unload. They were also friendly and polite. I’ll definitely recommend to use Lugg. Thanks!
We’ve used this service a few times now. All the guys are awesome, timely, quick to get the job done, in and out and on their way. We used them today for an in-house move. We needed a desk moved upstairs and one downstairs. Then I asked if they’d bring down our 15 boxes of Christmas decorations, BAM, DONE! I LOVE LUGG.

6/29/21 
We used LUGG again today in the hot 114 degree weather. 
Our guys were awesome. Did a great job and much appreciated. 

 Jennifer & Bill King
Michael and Brandon couldn’t have been more professional or efficient. Extremely polite and a joy to work with.
Great experience with you the Lugg app as well as the actual movers who were friendly careful and worked very well together in moving a bedroom set
I never use the word, awesome, but Lugg is just that.  You can schedule at a moments notice .  Movers are friendly and extremely competent.  Hooray for Lugg!
Awesome app and service. I will definitely use it again. The guys came on time and were friendly. They packed my item with care and diligence they delivered it just as expected. Covered it to protect it from the rain and the moving van.
I’m sure it’s a great experience when everything works, but not having a way to directly get a hold of a human being when things go wrong is infuriating in this day and age. 

Build a chat service, post a phone number, I don’t care how, but just posting an email address and social handles ain’t it.
Don’t hesitate to use this service! Affordable, efficient and friendly service!!
Would be nice if there was an option for the movers to set up as well.
Second time I have used Lugg. Both times I had a great experience with the movers. They have all been nice, efficient and gentle with my furniture. Would definitely recommend them and I will use them again. ......!!!!!!👍
This is my first time using this app, I tried dolly at first but I didn’t have anyone scheduled so I canceled it and used Lugg instead. I got a confirmation right away that my helpers would be arriving at the time scheduled, but I didn’t get the details about who they would be until a couple of hours before the arrival time. You’re able to track them just like an Uber and it was surprisingly easy experience. I would definitely use this again.
I had some furniture purchased at Costco but not a big enough vehicle to get it home. I used Lugg to get it done. Reliable, reasonable and courteous. I definitely would use them again.
We’ve used Lugg in the Bay Area 5 times since last year and it’s been great! We’re skeptical of many of theses types of services but Lugg is the real deal. They’ve met as Costco, Home Depot etc. Terrific!!
I would give five stars if there was a way to edit the address once a request is made I had sent many emails to the support office for lugg regarding my mistake and no one wrote me back and no follow up.  I spent much time trying to adjust the address myself and could not.  The driver ended up going to the wrong address and that was when things finally got straightened out.
I had no idea I would buy anything when I went to check out Home Goods Store.  I found the media center I’d been seeking.  Home Goods told me about Lugg and I was home WITH my new media center within an hour.  Great service, helpful and efficient.  I’d use you guys in a shot!
First time using Lugg and they did a great job.. On time, friendly and efficient.  Onan & Ben get 5 Stars!
Great experience!!Guys were fast and efficient, really got the job done. Will definitely use again.
I normally borrow or rent trucks to purchase large items on Craigslist. This service is totally convenient and worth it. You get what you pay for. Expert movers with professional and friendly demeanor. My items were wrapped and appeared to be well secured in the van. Real time updates could be a smidge better for a half star deduction. Solid 4.5 rating. Use LUGG with confidence.
Thank you for offering same day service - these guys were punctual, efficient and kept me in the loop from pick up at the store to arrival.   I had originally scheduled delivery for Sunday but was able to be home Friday afternoon and Lugg managed a same day delivery! Amazing!

I did tip my workers personally, but after service lugg offers an option to tip through the original contract online thru the app.  

Can’t say enough good things about this company.  Will use again.
The service was great, fast and efficient.  A little pricey for 4 min away. But will use again
I’ve tried finding movers on other apps and they often flaked or were unprofessional. Lugg makes it so easy. Professional teams and fair transparent pricing. Only using Lugg from now on!
Great way to get merchandise delivered from stores !
Cool guys, Professional Service! ! !
This is a great app, connecting you with a network of skilled movers from the biggest to the smallest, at very affordable prices and able to show up last minute.  My movers I scheduled did not show up, and using this app, the guys from Lugg arrived within the hour Amd did an awesome job!!!
So helpful! Ordered XL trick and 2 helpers - they seamless moved a large mattress, base and large couch.

Would definitely recommend Lugg!
I’m so glad I booked through Lugg. It’s been the best experience. Fast, efficient and they listened to me and took great care with the pieces that were important to me. I feel like my movers went above & beyond.
I had a heavy Tempur-pedic mattress base that I needed moved from downstairs to upstairs. I posted the job on Lugg and within the hour two guys came and did the job. Zero hassle. Easy. Thanks!
Excellent service, Ruben and Evan took a heavy dinning table bought from IKEA back. They are Very respectful and professional.
I will use Lugg App next time I need to deliver heavy things from one place to another.
Three heavy pieces moved upstairs and placed into position in less than 10 minutes!  I tipped them in cash and paid for Lugg services through the app. So grateful.
Great movers! They were quick and efficient and had good communication.I would definitely recommend them👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
I actually wrote a review earlier when requested, but want to be sure everyone knows how fabulous Lugg is and how exceptional our two workers, Ivan and Daniel were!!! They worked so efficiently and carefully moving our furniture from upstairs to downstairs, so that new carpet can be installed. We were absolutely amazed at what a tremendous job they did!!! Lugg will return on Saturday to move the furniture back upstairs. I hope we get Ivan and Daniel again!!! If I could give them 100 gold stars I would!!! Just THE BEST!!!
My movers ran a little late but did an awesome job. I highly recommend Lugg but be flexible on the timeline. It would be better to schedule early in the day because things can take longer than expected. I had no way of getting my sectional from Fred Meyer to home. But thanks to Lugg, I have  brand new sectional in my home. I will use them again.
Ordered a request online. Movers at my house two hours later. They were friendly and careful and professional. Would highly recommend and definitely use them again. Great service!
I am going to tell everyone about this app!  I used to totally stress out about moving big stuff around and finding someone to help. No more! Plus someone showed up within an hour. I was amazed! The help went above and beyond!
I had horrible experience with Lugg and complained to support team. The support team immediately responded and resolved the issue within a week. I have no doubt Lugg have great personality workers however there are many areas to improve and it’s really depend who comes to service on that day. In my opinion, I strongly suggest to have professional movers if you’re planning to relocate 1 bed room size furniture. The professional mover have 17 feet depth truck (vs Lugg’s XL Van-10 feet) and faster to make action which it will be much cheaper labor hours to have the best results for 100%. Please make sure to research local choice what’s convenient for you.
Have you ever purchase something you thought would fit in your car, but can’t? Lugg to the rescue.  

I bought 2 wardrobes from IKEA thinking they would easily fit in my SUV, but the boxes were too long and heavy. 

Within an hour, Lugg had met me at IKEA and delivered the items home for me — saving my back and saving me the hassle and delay of exchanging and then reordering for delivery.  

As a single woman, Lugg is your go-to friend to get you out of sticky situations like this. It saves you from having to ask yet another favor from friends with trucks.
Such a cool concept. I was in the process of finishing up moving out of our old house and when I arrived today to get another load of boxes, the power was out, yet we still had our big chest freezer in the garage. It’s pretty hot out already in AZ (95 today) so I was worried about all of our food going bad if we couldn’t get movers here within a few days. Lugg was able to come in 30 minutes! Super quick, friendly and very professional. Will definitely recommend and use in the future! Thank you!
I’ve used LUGG twice in the last month and it’s been great. Super great movers who help me once they get here.
Movers were on time for pick-up and delivery.  Took care to protect furniture and delivered to my door up 3 flights of stairs. Highly recommend.
I have used Lugg in SF and now in Los Angeles.  I have always had a really good experience with them.  I highly recommend them.
I was greatly surprised  by the ease of use, great service and convenience, however, it is absolutely unacceptable the fact that upon scheduling it does not provide clear overview of the potential  charges and ultimately deceives the user.  The company NEEDS to be more straight forward with the fees and potential sum of the service provided as I was blown away by the total tally of my bill being three times the initial estimate and had to spend money I didn’t have on this delivery.
Got a text 10 minutes before arrival window that they were finishing another Lugg and would soon be on the way. Got another text 10 minutes before the end of the arrival window that they would be at least 2 hours and 25 minutes late. The place I needed the item moved from would be closed by then. So, never again.
Issac and Kavon were very nice, did the work with no time
Love Lugg!
It was good!
Two  nice guys showed up on time with a big dodge van to move my pilates equipment. They were helpful, friendly and professional. I would definitely recommend them!
Wonderful and easy moving experience!
I have used LUGG many times and I have never been disappointed. The men who come always arrive on time and are always super helpful and professional. This App is so useful when you need to move items- no matter how small a load or large. The convenience and service are hard to beat.
The two guys that delivered my sofa from HomeGoods were just so quick, efficient and polite that it’s almost unbelievable. Great service Lugg!
Joel and Gabriel were great! They had the muscle we needed. Would definitely use again
We were given a great couch but would have had to decline if it weren’t for LUGG because we would have had no way to get it home.  They were so nice and so professional! Great all-around service.
Need that new 4-piece sectional couch at Costco but only have a SUV? No problem, these guys will haul it for a great reasonable price!
Rob and Jason helped us move some heavy rugs and matresses and box springs etc.  They came at 7P and worked hard the whole time they were here. They were fast, efficient and friendly.  Highly recommend.
This is the best service I have experienced in a long time. Available, timely, professional. I will definitely use again!
Jessica D
Easy to schedule, up to date ETA’s, fully qualified and professional guys.
This a was wonderful way to get an important 
cabinet moved. The movers were professional and pleasant to work with. Everything was on time. 
I will use Lugg again. Thanks.
I love Lugg service and of course, the employees!
I’m so happy this app exists. It’s very convenient and fast. It just makes moving way easier.
I used Lugg to move patio furniture from a friend’s place to my place.

The two Luggers arrived right on time.

They brought in the patio furniture through my living room very carefully. 

The Luggers got 7 pieces of patio furniture on my patio in like 15 minutes tops.

Thanks Lugg!
I’m very happy with the delivery service. I got a good deal on a new full-size LG refrigerator at Costco and they don’t deliver. Costco suggested Lugg and it work out very well. My two movers worked very hard a getting the huge frig up my narrow stairs and into the apartment! Thank you so much!!
The quoted rate is not accurate. The apps needed improvement. Lugger start app when I am not present. We scheduled for 1 pm. He arrived early. I was charged for his early arrival. There should be more transparency about two lugger verse one lugger costs.
Movers were great, the fees and amount of time for one piece of furniture was crazy expensive. Couple have bought new, shipped and paid taxes for the price of 1 armoire to move less than 15 miles.
Very quick and convenient. Such a great option. So much easier than getting a u-haul or asking friends to help.
Arrived on time, were friendly and efficient, took shoes off inside house, got the job done with no mishaps.  What more can you ask for?  First time user.  Impressed!
You guys are seriously the best. Welcome to Dallas.
They came to Arcadia within 35min and nicely take my furniture to LA downtown, it all took less than 1.5 hours! Very convenient! 👍
Amazing guys. Thank you so much. Went above and beyond. Such nice people!
Professional and efficient
Francisco was prompt and careful. My first time using Lugg. Will use again!
Thank you, service was great, on time and very efficient .
My lugg movers showed up on time. They were caredul in my house and with ny belongings. The process was quick and efficient. I highly recommend this service.
All moving companies and task rabbit were booked and Lugg got the job done with friendly efficient work!  I’ll use this service again!
How did I not know about Lugg until now?  Extremely well-designed app and service.  Sent notifications to keep me posted and were very transparent on pricing. Will definitely use Lugg again and recommend to friends.
Team was great!  They notice scratch on the piece they where bringing me from the store, they sent pictures before they delivered.  Fast, friendly and efficient!
I love Lugg! They are awesome for my moving needs! They always have wonderful people working for them — polite, friendly, and efficient — and they are always available on short notice! Reasonable rates too!
They were great. Awesome customer service. Friendly, helpful, they wore face masks, social distancing, shoe covers, used green papers to cover all items, very professional, good communication, prompt, timely, hardworking and fit all items in an XL truck. Will use Lugg again and highly recommended if you are moving anything heavy!! :)
Movers were friendly and efficient. They had a can do attitude. I would recommend and use again.
Wonderful two guys moved a dresser for me last minute. I could not be happier with the service expertise and friendliness. These guys were totally awesome very well mannered And love those shirts
Went above and beyond
They are the best options when you want anything purchase too hig for your car to take home
I bought proform Tour de France bike for indoor exercise.. booked them and they assisted immediately and very professional.. I love Lugg app and their prompt service
Efficient , professional, punctual.
Very pleased
Wish I used Lugg when I moved here. Fast, efficient, friendly, and strong! I’m so grateful. Thank you!
Charles an Eduardo were friendly fast and efficient. Delivery was better than expected! Great service!
Super friendly and fast movers.  Thank you so much!
I was at Z Gallery and they showed up in 15 minutes. I had the absolute best experience with my driver, Will. 10/10 will use again.
Great fast friendly helpful service
Lugg beats the heck out of Dolly on price and TaskRabbit on ease of scheduling. I will use it again and again!
Friend recommended this service. It was very transparent with what to expect- easy app to follow the steps being first timer ( if new do look online for any promos being offered, I didn’t think of that ahead- but apparently offered by the service) - both the pick up person was informed when they would arrive as was I. Couldn't be happier with booking same day and the pick up & delivery were on time. Both guys were wearing masks (Covid) were super courteous, personable and quick. Would highly recommend (and will) to friends. Thank you for a cool service! 5*’s all around.
Lugg is a great service an app. 
I’ve used the service several times and I’ve had a great experience with all of the movers. They are professional and handle my items with care. I would definitely recommend this service to anyone.
Both gentleman were very friendly and very competent. The move went very smoothly and I was very relieved to be able to get the help I needed. Thank goodness for Lugg.
Thank you for making my move easier. Highly recommend this service. I had one large piece that Lugg facilitated transporting.
100% professional A+ team! Covid safe and very efficient! Would absolutely hire again!
Simple solution to needing furniture transported across the bay in a pinch! Solid work ethic, worth every penny.
Great guy very helpful
As soon as you go to the website your experience starts. It is one of the easiest and most efficient company. We have had the best experiences!!
I’ve used Lugg on many occasions when you need to move something quickly. The app itself is seamless, easy to navigate and accurate. The service is exceptional and I’ve had 100% positive experiences
Had everything ready in the garage (garage to other garage move; 20 miles away), labor cost was less than 10 min total loading and unloading. Friendly quick help during covid. Came in under the initial estimate. Will be using Lugg again the next time I need help!
Lug guys who did my job were awesome
We had just purchased a queen size mattress and bedframe and needed a way to get it home. This was our first time using it and we had Rachel and Rocky who could not have been better! We will definitely be using them again
Great job
Great service!  I would use it again, and again!  All fees, pick up & delivery times are upfront just like calling an Uber, but only for furniture and anything else you need to move or have delivered.
Recommended by my furniture store. I had purchased a TV stand too large for my car and too heavy for me to manage alone. While I think the service is a bit pricey the movers were on time, courteous and skilled in the handling of my new purchase. I appreciated their professionalism.... a cut above ! Would definitely use again and the ap is a dream
The two guys who came for my gear were so fast, friendly and efficient that it made my head spin! I highly recommend these folks for your moving needs! The app worked great, no problems, and I was so happy in the end! 
-Jim Rebossio
San Francisco, CA
I was most impressed with their punctuality.
We had one small miscommunication with which location they were suppose to arrive at first but within minutes it was resolved.
Lugg is quick and provides expert movers - would highly recommend!
These two were on time, efficient and very friendly. I’d recommend thus experience to everyone. I’ll definitely rely on Lugg for the future.
When making purchases there’s always the challenge of getting it delivered, and getting it delivered timely.
What a great experience. I had to move a large dining room table and set of chairs and a friend recommended Lugg . Highly recommend, super friendly crew, on time, took great care of the furniture and went out of their way to help me set it up on the destination end. AAA*
First time using Lugg and I Highly recommend if you have some items to move. I had Pedro and Vincent in an XL moving van. They were extremely professional and smart when it came to maneuvering my new huge 8 foot mirror. It is pricey, but well worth it.
Thomas and Ricardo were experts and hard workers. I would definitely like them to help me in the future. Good listeners too!
I have used Lugg twice to re-arrange my home for renovations.  App is super easy to use and my Denver movers have been incredible!
Team showed up early, were very responsive, cared a lot to not cause damage, very efficient. Wonderful service for small jobs - so not worth using big moving companies for jobs that are less than 3 hours of work.
Words can not describe how lugg has brought convenience to my life. Perfect for picking up furniture or large items instantly instead of worrying about the hassle of using movers. So fast and efficient! Total game changer!
Alex and Eddie were simply professional and refreshing! Prompt delivery, blanketed in a pleasant experience. Thanks again!
I’ve used Lugg a few times and I’m never disappointed. The most recent movers, Jacob and Eric, went above and beyond! Very helpful.
Francisco and Steve arrived on time wearing masks and the company shirt. They were both very organized and efficient. Their teamwork is awesome! I highly recommend Lugg to anyone who’s moving. They’re professional and friendly too. Excellent job! I am very satisfied!
These guys were awesome! They came within 30 mins of booking them on the app. They were friendly, smart and efficient. This service is amazing. No more hiring traditional movers!! I’ll use Lugg from now on.
Great job!
So professional and helpful. I will use this service again. Very nice young men.
This was my first time using the company and was really awesome. I purchased a table in San Francisco and needed to have it moved. They came out in 30 minutes loaded professionally moved it and all went easy and quick. Really recommend this company for moving. Thank you!
When you need extra hands pretty quick, Lugg sets you up with nice, safe, capable movers to do you what you can’t on your own and often just within an hour or two of your request. Amazing.
Used Lugg several times now, always reliable. Luggers are efficient, reliable and professional. Convenient to schedule and app is easy to use. Moved a cabinet that I purchased through Facebook, did a small apartment move.
Will use again to move items
Schedule moving & shopping with few clicks. Nothing can be greater than that.
I wish they had legends for pick up and drop off but otherwise the app is pretty neat.
Movers within 30 mins?! Lugg is an incredible service. For interior designers like myself, the app is indispensable. Showrooms, clients, and retailers are always amazed when they learn about Lugg for the first time. I rave about the service and wish more people knew about it. I’ve used Lugg for years now, in multiple cities, with only A+ experiences all the way around. The “Luggers” are always friendly, hardworking, clever, kind, and courteous. I cannot recommend them highly enough! Thank you 🙏🏻
Like Uber for trucks! Great app. Great service.
Easier was to get things moved
Love Lugg!! Where have they been all of our lives?  It’s like Uber, but for moving tasks.  We just had two of the most polite and considerate individuals come over and help move furniture and all sorts of things from one room to another.   They also took a load of things to the Salvation Army for donation.  They were eager and ready to do anything we handed their ways. The app was easy to use and tracked their on time arrival.  Thanks for the service, Lugg!
Honestly a big moving company referred me to this app! It's a god send! I had no idea who to get to help move one statue from one office building to the next. Boom! It was Lugg! I loved this service and I will definitely use them again!
They were on time, friendly, and efficient. I was so happy with them, I gave them each a very nice cash tip 🤩
I have been moving out of my apartment and Lugg has saved the day — people using it to buy furniture and move it quickly and wrapping up with a final deliver to Salvation Army. Can’t recommend this service enough. They are FAST and always very friendly and helpful. Thank you Lugg!!
Great app and easy to use and schedule moving. Movers are helpful and efficient.
Used Lugg on the fly, very helpful!
Super fast and affordable! Last minute help needed. Very pleased.
Absolutely the most efficient process.  From communications, on time, friendly, polite.
I have never experienced such service.
I highly recommend.  I wish I could rate higher than 5 stars.
I worked for Lugg For A Month. They blocked me from setting up my bank account information.  Don’t support Lugg
We had the best experience with Lugg! We had a rug picked up from a store & they installed it in our house. Unfortunately they did not put our couch back correctly. I got an email from customer service that said they wanted to make that right, so they would send someone to put the couch together correctly at no charge to us!!! Seriously good customer service!!!! We are sold!!! Thank you Lugg!
Quick, friendly, excellent service
Lugg app is good for ppl who need small move but their policy on how they compute is very shady and opaque.

I bet you start your clock for time and your bill would say higher time.

Their driver comes much before actual expected time and they start billing you

Driver waits more then required time to have clock more money and Lugg would be a mute partner as they also earn commissions. Though not all driver but it Lugg who is to blame for not making transparency 

My case load time was 3 min 46 seconds but I was charged for 15 minutes.

Always check time else you are being over charge for sure. I noticed this after 4 Lugg charging me more then I expected and then decided to track on 5th one...and I saw they over charged me for 15 minutes...and cold response on refund when asked on clarity

Driver comes early you get charged but if they are late you won’t get compensation. They don’t honor your comment but do say add as drivers read it...but usually that goes to drain and they find new avenue to charge you more on time...so be careful.
Wonderful resource for us two older people with a Prius who want to buy big stuff. 👍😊
Great service!! Thank you
I
The app is so easy to use & the booking process is very simple. After booking, it’s so nice to get real-time updates and just sit back, relax & let your Luggers handle everything for you. 5 star service & easy to use, definitely would recommend Lugg to all of my friends!
It is the Uber of furniture moving!! What a delightful experience.  We purchased a couch and the delivery service the store  recommended let us down. We called the store back and one of the reps then recommended Lugg. We downloaded the app and for the same price our couch was delivered in 2 hours!! No scheduling weeks out in the future. It was done immediately and with great care. Very professional movers. We plan on this being our go to for future furniture purchases.
This service is so brilliant I don’t know what I used to do before I had Lugg. It’s like being able to call a Lyft or an Uber for your stuff.
I need to call these guys out because they were amazing and did a great job getting a big desk system through a narrow doorway without a scratch. Great attitude, friendly and professional. Ask for these guys!! 
Move was quick within the two hours and furniture safe and in good hands!
Efficient!
This is such a great service and it’s super easy to use. It’s totally worth it if you’re moving and the movers are really professional
gaming the app store rating system.

My lugg experience has been excellent, but with tactics like this you can’t trust the overall average rating.
We purchased a split king size from the store and it was a amazing relief that I did not have to find someone to move the frame for us! They wore masks , were on time,
Courteous, friendly, and professional! I will recommend and spread the word about Ron and Aaron! Great job guys❤️
One days notice and I was able to schedule 2 guys and a large van to move some cabinets from west Seattle to Capitol Hill. They were prompt, and careful, and in communication the entire time! A+ I will be using this service again. I am an interior designer and am always looking for furniture movers these are my new guys!
Really enjoyed having your movers move my small apartment. Angel and Kenneth were very friendly and very careful with my property. Will definitely recommend or call again for another service  :)
Our Luggers were great. They moved an antique hutch without a hitch. They were professional , polite and efficient. I recommend Lugg highly.
These guys were fantastic! Moved my huge Pilates reformer into a small room. Seemed impossible, but they did it. Thank you!
If you need a small apartment moved within a shorter radius, you need Lugg. Helpful and strong movers make it super convenient. Highly recommend Lugg XL.
Fantastic, professional, and efficient!! Would def use again.
Great service! I had to move furniture around inside my house. So much better when you hire someone instead of getting your kids or your husband to do it. I’ve also used Lugg to pick-up furniture at stores.They are very reliable and arrive exactly when they say they will. You also get a text message when they’re coming. Just a totally great service!
LA friend recommended. SF u need to get the word out cos u rock. quick move within one hour w updates u can track. Thanks!
The service was excellent and they were able to accommodate me on a short notice. However, I didn’t know there would be such a high base fare ($70) and charge for distance. That should be mentioned on the website. 14 miles from Vacaville to Suisun for ($27) is very expensive!  Walid & Jose were awesome; in and out in 5 minutes.