My luggers came unprepared, actively damaged my furniture as i specifically told them exactly what not to do.

I had to tell them to leave and stop touching my property, they were here 12 minutes and charged me as if they arrived 90 minutes before i requested them, and left 60-90min after they did.

The Lugg app gave them 5 stars and a positive review I did not write.  I am unable to edit the review and if I click any rating but 5 stars the app disappears.

IT APPEARS to crash but does not, it hides in the background.

I hope everyone who wrote a line of code for this behavior or stamped it for release has engaged in conspiracy to commit interstate wire fraud.

That’s a criminal felony.

SCARIER?! Apple will probably ban every single one of you from ever touching anything in the app store again.  Or I will sick the DOJ on Apple for criminal negligence.
They will book you for a time and not show up. Very poor and disjointed customer service. I suggest using any other delivery option you can find. This is not reliable.
Movers dropped my refrigerator and damaged both my washer and dryer. Lugg is not taking responsibility to replace the damaged items. Please be wary of this company
I was charged $200 more than the estimate for one large item and they did not complete the job. Use a local mover instead.
The movers did a good job however, they arrived early and I was charged for every minute they were there. I thought I was going to be charged for labor which was what it stated. It was 47 minutes and 15 minutes of labor. I will not be using this service again.
This app makes it so expensive, you are better off getting movers or taskrsbbit. I wanted move my couch I bought on fb marketplace to my new place but they took a long time and (they charge per minute!!) it came out to be way more than expected. Also their van fees are crazy. On top of that the guys were complaining the whole time about the heaviness of the couch… for the price they charge they didn’t seem very professional
I have used the Lugg app a few times to make moved between apartments. It is a valuable service, however unfortunately it is wrought with fraud. The first time was great, because they came right away, moved the few items, and charged a small amount due to efficiency. The second time, the movers purposefully took the long way to the drop off spot to run up my tab, then they broke my dresser and lied about it. The third time, the movers arrived at the location at 12:11 to start the clock on their “labor minutes” but never called or messaged me. I opened the app and saw them driving away at 12:14. I called them, and they said they had to talk to police about a speeding ticket they received on the way over. Then they finally started work at 1pm, wasting 49 labor minutes at my expense, costing me an extra $112.70. I posted a 4 star review for the movers complaining about this and quickly got an email from Lugg explaining how they calculated their charges and making excuses. They finally issued me a refund of only $34.50, which is criminal activity. They owed me $112.70 and refused to make the adjustment despite having a full GPS tracking history of each of the vehicle’s movements as well as my communications with the Luggers. BEWARE of false charges!
The DSL is of only allowing 1240 address. It won’t allow me 1245 address number. The DSL map located is flawed for San Francisco. Stupid!
We are new to Lugg and we’re so excited to use what seemed to be such a cost effective and simple solution to such a common problem for so many people.  

The task was simple: pick up a bed from one house A, deliver to bedroom at house B. 

1) my husband and I have five children and were in between multiple locations so we carefully selected the only window of time the lugg app had available in order to accommodate the seller and to be available to be there to receive the bed.  We were supposed to get a call when Lugg was on their way to the pick up location (so I could then notify the seller of the item and try to get to the pick up location to inspect the item and handle any instructions.  We only got a call from Lugg driver once he had arrived at pick up location. 

2) when Lugg driver arrived at delivery location, he rang doorbell and indicated that the instructions only said to deliver the bed but didn’t say anything about taking the bed to the upstairs bedroom.  Since this is my first time using the app, I had no idea I had to he so specific about a bed delivery since I was paying for two guys, a delivery fee + a labor rate by the minute. Isn’t that supposed to cover the time the luggers are delivering your items to the appropriate place at your address?

3)  They then asked us to pay them cash, “outside of Lugg” for having to carry the bed to a bedroom in the house.  Which, we did, hesitantly, since this whole situation started feeling sketchy but we were caught between a rock and hard place.  If we weren’t willing to give them the cash, what would have happened? Would they have just dumped the bed in our driveway in the rain/etc. and left it there?!?  We aren’t physically capable of carrying the bed from our driveway into the house which is the whole reason we used Lugg in the first place!!! 

4) Well, since we then had to go to atm to get them the cash they requested, they sat in the driveway in their truck and then when they had been paid and left the house, I get a notification from the app that the guys left the house and I was now being charged for 43 minutes of time they just sat there in their truck for cash!!! We got screwed and this is not right! I am furious and feel dooped.
This app rips of people by providing wrong information while checkout and then puts out fine print on faq which most of the people
Wouldn’t be reading while placing orders. Please beware and stay away from this app.
I hired Lugg on August 1, 2024, and their movers caused significant damage to my hardwood floors. I provided detailed photos, videos, and a professional repair estimate from a reputable flooring company, totaling $6,880. Despite this, Lugg’s claims department only offered $838.50, claiming the full repairs were “out of scope,” even though the estimate directly addressed the damage they caused. I’ve repeatedly referenced these details in emails, but Lugg has failed to respond adequately or resolve the issue. Their handling of this situation is unacceptable, and I would not recommend their services.
As a blind user and wanting to get assistance for moving, this app is not accessible for screen readers…
It’s very disappointed using this app as the luggers came intentionally took lot of time for loading and unloading. They were taking lot of gaps for resting in between for each box. Even they have taken time for filling their gas when coming back to destination. Finally I landed up in paying for 4 hours which is very unfair. It’s just one bed room apartment with one bed . Washer and dryer, recliner sofa and 8 packed boxes as big ones to load. I don’t recommend this app to anyone.
Lack of transparency!
During the ordering process they never advised that even if booking a service for multiple hours, the movers would only perform one trip. This is a one way move, meaning if everything does not fit and another trip is needed then you must book a new “order”.
Very careful, no damage to house and worked quickly.  Very kind
I made sure to have my ready outside, and lifted it into the van myself. The guys only had to pull over and open the van door. Same at drop off. Why then, was I charged for labor? That’s not an accurate way to measure additional labor and the additional $15 stung.
This app is falsely or purposely designed to make you can't find any customer service and constantly delay and pushing the arrival time. The person who created this app or started this business should get punished to giving people this much a strss. We are waiting in front of the store for someone to help us moving a dining table and with our baby too! Theres no response, no estimate time, no service at all.
One word BAD. I worked with this company for a short period and my honest opinion is they lack professionals from customer service all the way down the totem poll to the labors. Your better off renting a truck and or van to move your own items with the help of a friend or relative if you don’t have ether your still better off doing it your self cause no one on this platform is a professional coming from a true professional who worked on this app as a helper you have to be a dispatcher, customer service rep, laborer, several different other categories of management. you would not get any help from Customer Service and then in the likelihood of damages you would be charged with no proof or debating claims you can drop off an item and a customer can damage it and you will be charged point-blank. No discussion no investigation.. Believe me I’ve tried. I’ve even went a step further and equipped, myself with a body camera to have footage of these moves. Booked by Lugg and let me tell you bad bad bad unprofessional from beginning to end and I have the proof my profile will show you. I have over 100 moves, but one bad review due to Lugg telling individuals that we can do the impossible. Once again, I have proof screenshots of messages videos email sent. to Customer Service and let me tell you they do not care so don’t waste your time working or booking any moves to this company trash
Horrible customer service, horrible movers, horrible experience all around.
Movers showed up an hour late, took their sweet time, clearly stalling. They spent 113 minutes just to move a fridge one flight of stairs. Neither of them knew what they were doing. It was a total scheme to charge me
$200. 
You can not get ahold of any customer support. It’s awful. This is a scam. Stay away.
These people are unprofessional and did not complete my delivery. They refused to give me my money back. Steer clear of these crooks.
Most idiotic product fail, can’t even blame UX. Like any other share economy service, the people doing the work are awesome, the people making the product are dropping the ball on the customers and their gig employees.

For some unknowable reason the platform will let you search the needed destination or service, and even offer suggestions on destinations and allow you to schedule, whether that location is open or not. And you as the customer are supposed to assume against the reason implied by being allowed to schedule for that place and time, that the destination may not be open and call to confirm before booking (which could also result in you losing the available booking time).

If the LUGG suggested destination isn’t open, you will have to find an alternate location or have the item returned to you - all of which incur continued per minute labor fee on top of the flat rate and labor fee being charged from the moment they left your pick up address. Preventable of the backend booking system actually spoke to the scheduling system OR a simple destructive action warning prior to booking something that is potentially closed. Absolutely unhinged product thinking.
Ridiculous. 

The lack of a flat fee and having the movers enter their own time is insane. I’ll never use this again.

I have things moved all the time by professional companies that give you an estimate and generally stick to it. I wanted to try this service and I’ll never touch it again. 

What should have been (when I use normal, professional services) a $350 job was $500. Again - I move things a lot, I make furniture, and know the costs and time involved.
As a worker for Lugg I can honestly say do not trust this app. I have been rudely talked to by “support”. I have been underpaid/not paid at all for shifts worked. I have a 5 star rating with 0 complaints yet I am taken advantage of by these scammers. The better business bureau has been contacted as well.
I had two men-not the same in the description-move my stuff to storage.
I thought all was ok, and even gave them two tv’s(!) 
My Bose S1 amp was stolen!!!
No answer from any of them.
I was just told by Lugg to file a police report.
Timing options are unpredictable! Always the worst options and NOT what you need: Always the wrong type of vehicle available at the right time and the right vehicle available but at the wrong time. You end up needing more than one moving!!!
Hi, I contacted your support, they are trying to get away by saying "there was no mention of TV" in your items, even though I said I can prove it via images in the storage. They are trying to cheat and not take responsibility of breaking the TV.
Have used them couple times first time they were fine but the second time they overcharged me and damaged the TV and when I talk to them about claiming insurance on that, they denied saying that there was no TV. 

This is ridiculous because I told them I have the pictures and i will show them including the storage, but they choose not to do anything.  I would not trust them anymore.
The movers arrived earlier than the agreed-upon pickup window, and Lugg billed me for the quarter-hour they spent sitting in the van before my move officially began. The total labor time ended up being 86 minutes for two people to move a 6 x 3’ dining table from one elevator building to another elevator building. There are numerous cheaper moving services out there. I’ll be deleting this app.
I hired this company to move my new bed into the house. The mattress was to big and could not be taken upstairs (not their fault). They were supposed to move the base in and set it up. They moved the base into the bedroom, plugged it in and left. No instruction of use, no test of power. He handed me the remote and said, “Hey, you take care of this.” Now the base does not work and I cannot get underneath to see if it is connected correctly. I was told when I hired these guys, they would bring base in, set it up and make sure it works. Now I am stuck trying to figure out this on my own.
The movers were very nice but failed to remind me that I would be charged $2/min when I asked them to plastic wrap my sofa. I was charged over $100 extra. If i had known I would have just let them use blankets
Not worth throwing your money.
I had to cancel my lugg. 
The truck was going to be 2 hours late.
How do I delete my credit card ?
I will not be using lugg again.
I placed a time sensitive pickup for Lugg this AM.  Moving today and needed item transferred a couple miles away.  Will never use again!  No way to contact: no phone no text, no email contavt.  Just crickets and NO SHOW!
Luggers we’re fine but had to pay twice for two jobs each 20 minutes, just small distance away.
Don’t use this app, they will not offer solutions if something doesn’t work out.

You just have to deal with it.
There is absolutely no customer support and no one to contact should you end up with Luggers who don’t communicate and are over 3 hours late like I am experiencing right now. Cancelled There is no way to get ahold of anyone. Horrible app. Horrible business
I was charged triple the price I was originally quoted on the app. I have used LUGG App before without any problems. I will definitely not be using or referring LUGG’s services again! Very disappointed with the pricing fees charged to me by this small 12 pc storage move.
Way over charged, bad attitudes, and dragged my furniture off the truck. Very unhappy and disappointed customer
DO NOT USE THIS PLATFORM NO MATTER WHAT YOUR NEED IS!!! THE MOVERS ON THIS APP ARE NOT VETTED OR ACCREDITED MOVERS, THESE GUYS DAMAGED A $7000 SOFA AND THEY ARE DOING NOTHING ABOUT IT!!!!! THESE GUYS ARE CONNIVING CON ARTISTS!!!!!!!!!!!!! When you read the lugg info page and request movers it says they bring straps, Dollies and protective gear. They did no such thing, two Joe schmo looking people showed up, retrieved the sofa and proceeded to literally launch it down my stairs, nearly killing themselves, they damaged my walls, they ripped the sofa, broke the frame. When we arrived to the storage unit the sofa was shoved around corners and literally forced through the door where two of the feet broke off and parts of the frame began splintering from the force at which it was shoved into the unit. I feel scammed, I feel defeated, and I’m utterly reeling over the entire experience. I feel like I just made the largest mistake of my life entrusting my items with this company and I wish I could rewind and take back every second of it.

Update: Lugg got back to me with 2 options, the first was to keep the sofa and they would send me $400 to repair it. This sofa has extensive frame damage and the fabric is destroyed—a new slipcover costs nearly 2k and to have an 8-way hand tied sofa repaired also costs THOUSANDS what a joke!!!!!!! The second option was that I could dispose of the sofa and they’d send me 1400–BUT I apparently have to schedule the disposal through Lugg and find a dump site for the sofa. Boston doesn’t have public dump sites, we have to leave the furniture on the street and schedule a bulk pickup. Lugg said that this option isn’t feasible. I then asked Lugg if they can set up a junk removal service to come pick it up and they said no. So it really seems like Lugg doesn’t want to do the right thing and definitely isn’t taking any responsibility in their damaging my belongings. Would give 0 stars to this entire company, I hope it goes bankrupt
The app only has very basic features. If you want to communicate with anyone you can’t do it in the app until your drivers are on the way. Otherwise you have to email customer service for everything. They start charging for delivery once the drivers arrive at the building but not before they’ve parked so when it took my drivers an extra 45 mins to park they charged me for their incompetence. I had to go back and forth with customer service who eventually refunded me for SOME of the parking fiasco. The price of delivery ended up being MUCH more than their original estimate. I am very upset I used this service and do not recommend it to anyone.
They will literally make you drive all around the city for one delivery per day. You pick up a shift to work and they only give you one job during the whole shift. It’s not worth it. They took money from me. I wasted a whole day working for them just to done one job and they stole money from me. There are really the worst. Please people don’t support these evil and greedy company.
Signed up for a ride to be picked up within an hour, 1hr15 min later, no ride or notification or anything. At least provide some transparency rather than leaving users ghosted.
Ordered a truck to move a commercial freezer between my cafes and the first group said if they had a truck, they could easily move it but they had a cargo van. They were super nice and apologized stating that they should not have been dispatched. 

Second set of guys came in and immediately they said they couldn’t lift more than 100 pounds and for me to cancel it. I explained that I had used Lugg before to move the same freezer. Then they told me to to book a second set of guys to help them. Ridiculous! They told me I needed to cancel it and they wouldn’t leave until I cancelled it. 

Bad service.
Our Luggers failed to pickup our full order from a furniture store, then Lug’s customer service blamed us for not clarifying what they were picking up even after we shared a receipt listing all items with the Luggers. They only offered a partial refund even though I had to make other arrangements to pickup the furniture they left at the store. Overall terrible experience and will not be using Lug again.
The movers never showed up and didn’t even send a message letting me know they wouldn’t be coming. I sent about 5 emails to customer support and all went unanswered. There is no phone number and no way to contact anyone within the app. Terrible experience and would never use again.
Ordered a pickup, Lugger was late by a hour and half from the appointment time. Was ill equipped to handle the move. Damaged my mailbox on the way out. Try to make a claim and went to several email until I was told to that I had to reach out personal to the driver and try and file a claim with there personal insurance. Lugg basically washed their hands of any responsibility. Your better of hiring a professional moving company like I did. It might cost a little more but at least they are professional and take responsibility. You get what you pay for with this company or should I say just a app.
The drivers will stall and take their time to strike up conversations that go on and on and on and as you try to wrap it up telling them family is sleeping and you need to go thru keep talking ! Why ? Because you are being charged as the minutes go by - scammers ! Rush them out the door and don’t talk to them because they keep charging you until they drive off ! First time this happened and I won’t  ever use this service again - disgusting
The movers were great but the app is horrible. 
1. I needed extra movers for an extra heavy piece of furniture and I couldn’t schedule them at the same time, there should be a way to request more movers at the same time if their is a weight limit.
2 The app changed the city on my address even though the map on my side showed the correct location. This sent the movers to the wrong destination city and it took an extra hour to get them to understand and come to my house.
3. The app stopped functioning in the middle of my move and I had no way to get the contact info of the movers to communicate with them.
I tried the app twice. 

I booked the work and then nobody showed. 

And this is in Dallas - not like a small town in the middle of nowhere. 

Boo Lugg. Boo.
They charged my credit card $200. When I booked it was $48. I live 7 blocks from the furniture store. How did you get to $200?  I emailed you twice and no answer. You are a rip off.
Tried to use this service to have items delivered from a Costco. App shows tons of times same day for delivery. Once I buy the item it shows one available next day. Costco doesn’t “hold” items. This app shows next day, but you can’t schedule anything because the app doesn’t work. Absolutely junk service, I recommend you avoid this crummy useless app.
Got charged 3 times after I booked
When it clearly says you won't be charged card is just for reservation. Can't believe I trusted them
Can only request 2 movers at a time, not one, also they will straight up cancel deliveries or not show up to the store. Use any other option if possible.
Horrible experience,I was supposed to have three pieces of furniture delivered and when the delivery men came they only had one of the pieces. They assured me they made a mistake it would go back to the furniture store to retrieve the other two items promptly. I have been waiting over two weeks contacting both of these knuckleheads daily, they kept assuring me they would bring me the other two pieces. There were supposed to show up today and when I reached out they said they didn’t feel like working today. Waste of money waste of time extremely frustrating do yourself a favor and don’t use the service!!! I emailed their customer service asking for a refund, I’ll update this review when I’ve heard back
Garbage service. No customer support and endless cancellations/updates.
Lugg was recommended to me by Crate and Barrel Outlet.  CB had flyers and said how wonderful they were, however, that was not my experience!

I watched them arrive at the location via the app, but saw a few missed calls 5 minutes later… i hadnt realized my phone was on silent…but when I called back they had already left, cancelled, and wouldnt answer my callls…if it had been 10 minutes i could understand, but 5?!?  I will stick with Dolly!
Used it multiple times the drivers were always extremely nice and helpful but the company itself is very rude, unhelpful and downright dirty. Try dolly or GoShare
Unreasonable charges, dishonest delivery people. Your money is forcibly taken and not returned.
Requested movers and received confirmation.  Four days later received
a message that they don’t service my area and service has been cancelled.  How about letting me know upfront that you don’t service my area and not wasting my time?  Now I’m back to square one, but with less time.  Very frustrating!
It sounds like other customers have had same problem with delivery and pick up confusion from this app although I think this was IKEA’s  fault initially.
Movers broke a table and weren’t going to say anything until I noticed. Sent a complaint and never got a response.
Ordered a team to move a small upright piano. I plugged in the address and they quoted me $150 for two people and a van. Renting a truck myself would’ve been about the same so figured worth a try. Then right before pickup they text me that a piano is too heavy and I need to order a third person, which was supposed to be an additional $80. Then after it was delivered they stacked on all these surcharges and a mandatory $75 tip and the whole thing ended up being almost $400. Absolute rip-off —
Scam.  No phone number to “customer service”. None. You cannot call anyone at this company even if one of the Lugg drivers has your belongings and fails to deliver all of them. 

All you can do is email them and hope they help. 

Lugg failed to deliver my belongings which means I’m out the $200 worth of stuff I bought but also the over $76 Lugg fee + what it will cost me to dispose of the useless things they did deliver. Lugg refunded me $25 for the “inconvenience”. Why would Lugg feel entitled to even one penny of my money after they 100% failed to do the job I hired them to?   It’s like I ordered a pizza and they delivered me an empty box…no pizza…then kept most of my money as a charge for the empty box. Makes no sense. Theft really.
Booked but luggers never showed up. Tried contacting customer service many ways for help and received no response by chat, email, or phone. Don’t use Lugg if you need a dependable mover that will not leave you stranded.
Do not use this app, it is unreliable, trips get cancelled, and you’ll be left waiting around with no help.  I’ve tried it several times, and something always goes wrong.  There’s no phone number, so you’re left sitting there.
Overcharged for minutes worked (charged 90! Minutes in which they didn’t even load/unload) and then broke my table. Now they are refusing to pay. Slow customer service. Don’t bother!!
I tried this service after a friend told me about it and they gave me a quote of $82 to move a couch and a mattress from the downstairs apartment to upstairs.It took the movers exactly 18 minutes to do the job but once they were done I got hit with a bill for $298!!!! There is NO customer service and  I had to write many emails before I got a response from them saying they would give me a partial refund ONLY after I paid the entire amount!!! Major bait and switch just awful- beware!
Booked a task to move furniture in my home. Sent pics. Never got a confirmation. My payment was refunded and I was left looking for alternate arrangements. Used task rabbit and was immediately connected with a mover who texted me confirmation. 
I think you get what you pay for!!
The movers damaged property and it was not fully addressed by lugg. Very dissatisfied by how they handled the situation.
The real issue is that the company has zero customer support. Even the live chat is 10 minutes delayed. If you have questions or problems there is no help. If the guys that show up are cool everything works smoothly, but you don’t have a choice who shows up. If a four or heaven forbid three star crew shows up you are better off canceling the whole thing and trying again later. The faq is also useless. They specifically list pianos as things they move, but in my experience that is just plain wrong. I had two crews (4 guys) show up, after stating that I needed to move a piano. They looked at the Yamaha U1, said this is too big& heavy and left. I called a local mover, 2 guys showed and moved it no issue.
They steal, lie, and on top of that, they are late. Who ever made this a really needs to think long and hard before my lawsuit becomes very real. I’m already talking to my attorney about moving forward if no action is taken on Lugg’s end. Good luck and do not download this app. Unless you want to be disappointed, stressed, and unsatisfied then this is the app for you!
The moving team damaged the wall in the pick up location, did not wear masks, couldn’t deliver the couch to the apartment. So I ended up asking them to leave the couch outside.
I contacted customer service. They did not respond to my emails (I emailed them twice a day for a whole week).
They took money for services not rendered and wouldn’t contact me to resolve the problem. I had to invoke an Americans With Disabilities Act legally mandated accommodation to call me and they ignored it ($130k-180k violation per incident per day on their part). They are hist vague, give the run around, illegally conduct themselves…. No resolution with them. It’s been a horribly scarring experience for me. I weigh legal action. Really disheartening.
On July 2, I had three sets of your employees perform unsatisfactory, disrespectful, end egregious behaviors. I first had Matthew and Tejas (in the morning). They could not fit a piece of furniture in the van, so they told me i had to hire an XL van instead—i booked Cally and Almir, who told me they needed two extra hands, so i booked Efosa and Greg (in the afternoon)

I would like to file a formal complaint against these movers, and Greg in particular. I had an absolutely horrific experience with them—the highlights include: 

- damaged property (a wooden crate and barrel cabinet worth thousands of dollars; damage was to a door that was dropped against concrete steps in front of my building. I know for sure a Greg saw it break but he did not bring it to my attention. I pointed it out and all four movers acknowledged that that damage was caused by them) 
- more damaged property (a new pottery barn Mateo head board that was dropped by my first Luggers of the day and tore the wood straight off the upper corner. This occurred with Matthew and Tejas.) 
- terrible customer service (poor attitudes, lack of motivation, unnecessary commentary and verbal complaining, general laziness, and they were physically unable to do the job) 
- trespassing and unacceptable behavior (Greg was seen at the pick up location walking behind my mothers property. He returned after a minute or two and we assume he was urinating in our back yard)
- excess charges (we were billed for them to sit around and wait in our front drive way for pick up while the other Lugg crew drove the larger van from over an hour away) 
- stolen property (a wooden $250 book shelf that was loaded onto Greg’s silver pick up truck. The shelf never made it to my apartment and i currently do no know it’s whereabouts. This is absolutely unacceptable and if it is not returned to me, I will have no choice but to file a police report for stolen property.)

I am requesting a full refund for: Matthew and Tejas ($371 before tip, they did not complete the task requested and damaged furniture), Cally and Almir’s time ($365, they did not complete the task requested and damaged furniture), Efosa and Greg’s time ($301, they did not complete the task requested, damaged furniture, trespassed on my property, and stole a bookshelf), and reimbursement for all damaged and destroyed items. 

Please respond to me at your earliest convenience. I have photo, emails, and contemporary documentation as evidence that i would be happy to share.
AVOID LUGG IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR HOME OR POSSESSIONS! Moving 1 bulky item up 1 flight of outside stairs...no pads or dolly despite my requesting it. Very inexperienced. They almost dropped my heavy item over handrail to pavement! Dropped item several times on ground and floor, bashed item against railings and doorway, worker (no gloves?) cut himself and bled on item and house. He had no first aid items in truck, luckily I did. Will take multiple sources and repair people to address more than $2K of damage to house and item - parts and labor for wood work, metal work, metal fabricating and plating, laminate repair, installation and painting. They expect me to find, call, get quotes from, hire and manage all of the people and get parts for repairs in a SF labor market and COVID supply chain where barely anyone returns calls. Spent hours getting verbal and texted estimates for $2K+ They offered me a refund of the $81 Lugg fee for the 30 minutes of destruction they caused. After I complained they offered another $300. If they want to cause all if this damage and make me do tons of work to get it fixed and pay for most of it, I'd rather write this review and warn others.
We scheduled a Lugg a week in advance of the moving date. On the morning of, we got a text notification that the Luggers were on the way and should arrive on time. Well an hour passed and our moving window that we had scheduled closed. There is no way to call Lugg or reach out to the movers to see why they are so late. There is only an email address which does not offer a quick response (I didn’t get the email until the next day). We waited around for hours and the Luggers never arrived. We had to scramble to find other movers for our emergency move. I’ve never been screwed over so hard by a moving “company”. This is an absolute scam!
They cancelled my pick-up request and refunded me the deposit without notifying me, my item was not able to be picked up from the store. 👎👎👎
Delivery cancelled 3 times after delays and no way to contact customer support.  Do not use, try Dolly instead
Horrible, order and no show multiple times.
Stay away. Lugg strung me along for 2 hours after sending me messages that my Lugg almost on its way. After spending over $30 in Uber to get to my pick up destination on time for Lugg, and 2 hours of waiting, they cancelled on me last minute saying that it’s because the store closed, but there was no store to pick up from, it was my residential address. Now it’s too late to find another mover this late at night, and all the things that I prepared to get moved are now sitting unsecured in a hallway because I can’t get them up to my in myself, which is why I hired a Lugg. So disappointed and stressful, I now have to spend even more time to try to scramble to find a last minute solution late at night. Not only that, Lugg offered to compensate me only $30 in credits, when it costed me more than that for an Uber to get to my pickup location because I wanted to be on time for Lugg in addition to wasting two hours of time waiting.
The app at no fault of the driver set up a time frame with us the customers for 8am - 9am window. The driver was not even notified until 8:30 and didn’t arrive until 9:30. We were charged for two hours instead of the one hour it took. He was great. But the App scammed us.
I’ve never been more upset about how misleading the charges are. It said 83 dollars and now it says 250 with everything else calculated? Why wasn’t this told upfront? The UI was terrible and kept breaking. If there was a fine print it wasn’t obvious.
I used this once to deliver my furniture from ikea to my house in NYC between 1-2pm. No one called, showed up, or notified us, no texts or contact numbers either. The service was non existent. I had to drive back and forth with my own vehicle to get the furniture. NEVER use this service nor app if you can, they are the worst in all departments! Tried it once, never again!
The movers who came were great. The total was $42. Then at the end they added all these fees that I did NOT agree too. It cost double!! What a rip off!
Awful experience. Never showed up and never shared an update - even after sending multiple emails asking for an ETA. Just completely ghosted my move.
Used it for ikea and it came an hour late. Used it for another furniture move from a Craigslist buy and they told me 15 min before driver was scheduled to arrive that they’d be 2.5 hours late. App has no customer service. Overall Horrible.
Workers on the app are incentivized to lag as much as possible. The more they lag, the more you pay them. So every move, however we’ll it goes you will have a bunch of anxiety about how slow the workers would do things and which turns they take. And they do take their sweet time.

Lugg, rethink your business model, you piss people off every time they use your app.
Not only did Lugg not perform the services they were hired for, they caused significant damages that are still not paid, with no imminent resolution.

During our job on June 19, Lugg entered our home, made deep gashes to the walls, damaged the fabric of our Restoration Hardware couch, then left after cancelling altogether "because the couch would not fit down the stairwell" though it was once delivered up the same stairwell. After 3 weeks of back and forth with Lugg support, there is still no resolution for these damages. Worst of all, Lugg does not have a phone number and will pass you between different support reps over email, with several days delay by before giving a response. As a customer, we would have never expected a lack of professionalism to this degree:

1. Damaged home interior with gashes to walls, trim and wainscoting
2. Did not have ample protective materials for the sofa included in the job description
3. Did not wear gloves or protect the fabric
4. Removed the screen door that now doesn't slide
5. Movers were rude, dismissive and unapologetic
6. Left home in far worse shape, still have not covered the cost of repair

Strongly advise you to stay away from this company!
Booked a pick-up the moment I arrived at Costco to buy a couple of mattresses and a carpet. Was given 1hr eta. Waited for more than an hour but NO. ONE. ARRIVED. Not only that! I replied to the confirmation email asking for an update. NO. RESPONSE. AT. ALL. Don’t use this app. It’s fake.
Beware of using Lugg. They are not accountable for any damage done by the Luggers to your furniture.
Lugg will say that they’re trying to solve your issue: THIS IS A LIE. DO NOT TRUST THEM.
They’ll wear you down by ghosting you and offering solutions that no one would take.
I had my bed scratched and my sofa scratched, stained with paint and completely dirty (oh yes! They don’t use any sort of protection for your furniture), and the only thing Lugg was willing to do is give me a partial credit on what I was charged. That amount represents 12% of the purchase value of the damaged items, which were bought a year ago. Use Lugg if you need to move trash, DO NOT USE LUGG if you don’t want your property damaged.
The van they sent was smaller than the 8’x5’ that I ordered.  The driver said he would be happy to make 2 trips since the destination was only 10 minutes away, but the Lugg management said he could not do that.  So I had to cancel, and then wait nearly 2 hours for a bigger van to arrive.  Customer service is terrible!
There are way too many hidden charges.

Lugg just shows a deceiving “Base Fare” while booking. At the end they’ll charge you loading labour fee, unloading labour fee and distance fee.
We paid for 4 hours of labor and the movers left after 2 hours of work. The lugg team sent them to another job they took our money for 4 hours even though we used them for 2 hours so not use this service !
Yesterday I bought a new mattress and bed in IKEA and the delivery was arrange for next day at 10-11am. It’s 4:30 pm I still waiting for my delivery. The worse is that I received false alarms the entire day that they are on their way. I can not even leave the apartment the entire day waiting for them. It cheap but the worse service
My dresser and bed were not wrapped or protected during the move. Both items arrived with dents, scratches and even one side that was completely broken off. Lugg would not give a full refund, only $100 off. 

While Lugg may be convenient, would rather hire real movers than have damaged items with no accountability.
I scheduled a pickup and had it confirmed a day prior. After waiting outside a store for the full hour window, I got a notification that they weren’t going to make it there (after the time had already expired) and that they MIGHT get there sometime in the next day, but maybe not. They only have an email listed and I’ve received no response from it. Near as I can tell, they don’t really offer the service they claim, they’re just hoping people book and forget to request a refund.
i ordered car from 2-3but got it at 3:40 .im very upset.
Some people are just bad test takers. It doesn’t mean they’re bad at performing tasks. As long as I get like 75% or more, it should be okay. Stop making it a requirement to be perfect…
Booked Lugg for a very simple move, they didn’t show up and provided no ETA. Tried chatting 4 different customer service reps and they all stopped replying. Finally, got an update saying they would arrive 3-4 hours after my booked window. Really awful service.
They added “labor” charges that were not executed only to chalk up the bill. There is NO customer service so you’ll pull your hair out trying to get any help from their fraudulent movers. Do not use this app!
Twice now I booked a lugg XL and the van sent was too small to carry my goods despite me uploading pictures. The movers were lazy and broke stuff, literally zero customer service. Avoid at all costs
Will not be using this app again. They cancelled our appointment for no reason right when our furniture was scheduled to deliver. So it arrived a day late. When it arrived two guys brought it to our apartment door and then one guy left and made me carry it up. He said you only paid for one lugger so my partner won’t help.
I have never written an app review before, but I am compelled because our experience with Lugg has been beyond awful. They didn’t show up the day we scheduled, and I received no notification or update as to why. They came the next day after I rescheduled (why didn’t I just abandon ship!?), and two Luggers showed up to my apartment with the cabinet, even though I had only requested one. They said that because I only requested one, my boyfriend was responsible for helping get the cabinet into our apartment. Absolutely ridiculous!! They have no customer service phone number, and only communicate via email. This is inconvenient for many reasons! DO NOT USE THIS APP!!!
As a current worker of Lugg, there are good days and bad days. Mostly the latter... there’s no one to call if something goes wrong. You can’t call management to fix anything, it’s only email. They don’t care about the workers at all! We get hurt, no insurance. Customers keep telling me they get frustrated with the app and we can’t even help out because we had no training on how to work the Lugg app. Customers tell me the app isn’t very clear on what your ordering. If you need 2 crews, you’ll definitely be waiting for one to show up. They don’t show up at the same time.
First of all to move a large table ended up costing 900 dollars instead of the original 300 or so that I was expecting .
The table was badly broken during the move and to get compensated for the repair and the expensive move has been a challenge.  I ended up getting reimbursement for the repair only.  No apologies. Very difficult to deal with via email. 
I would use a higher class moving service moving forward.  This was a nightmare .
I’m trying to shop IKEA for delivery and the items aren’t going into my cart. iPhone 12mini
I called Lugg to pickup a furniture from store to my apartment. The Lugg was supposed to reach me at the store within 30 mins. After 40 minutes, after many calls, I was able to reach the driver, who told me he got wrong address from Lugg and was heading the completely opposite direction. At this point, he was over 20 mins from me and the store was closing in 15 mins. I had to cancel the Lugg call. Very disappointed with my first try with the app, probably won’t use it or recommend anyone to use it ever again.
Oh boy, be warned the blind fees are twice as much as the base rate at minimum. $71. Plus because I have yet to be charged for a disposable fee which I was warned would happen, rate was not disclosed neither the blind fees.  All for a  full size mattress. I reached out to costumer service, to no avail.  I will never use this company again!
The price they show online is nothing like what they end up charging you without telling you. Online it told me $116 plus 1.60 a mile it end up costing $271 to move I refrigerator 20 miles. Will never use them ever again.
I’ve used Lugg movers for so many things and it’s been nothing but great. We moved homes and they did a great job moving things from one house to the other. They helped us unload our Pods. They have also picked up a couple of items we purchased from Facebook Marketplace and Craigslist. Never an issue and always on time.  They are my first choice now for movers.
My item was too heavy for the crew, despite the fact that I already told them what I needed to move (an upright piano). I had to msg customer service to see what to do. First, there is NO PHONE support. Second, waited over 20min for the chat, and I was charged for the time the crew waited for their customer service (same rate as if the crew was moving stuff). Their rate ended up being 2x more expensive than the local mover and their staff were teenagers and extremely unprofessional. They offered a $10 credit next time I need to use their service. No, this is the first time and will be the only time I use their service.
I was charged $350 for two hours of service when the movers spent 20 minutes per elevator ride and talking in my face wasting time. I carried most of the boxes I had to get on my own. This was a disservice. I’m pretty hurt but the way I was taken advantage of. The bed is not out together completely. I didn’t leave a tip. I want my money back.
Damaged my property and wouldn’t do anything about it and still charged me an outrageous amount when they weren’t working half the time
I did the pickup truck because I thought they could do two trips I ended up having to pay a ton to get another pickup and really am upset that I didn’t do the large van you all should mention it’s restricted to one trip not one hour or so
Lugg is false advertising how much you get paid working for them. Plus they make you work over the required hours your supposed to work and still pay you below minimum wage. This app is an app for workers to get scammed don’t fall for lugg people. They just wanna make you an employee not an independent contractor.
My luggers listened 👂  to me grieve about losing my twin brother to Covid, this was more than professional this was human.
Not user friendly at all— can’t schedule a double pickup. No Notes section. This looks to be all by design. Prices are very high. 

Probably won’t use again.
I scheduled xl for studio apartment move.
They came to wrong address. 
The crew did not arrive with correct vehicle.
They were slow, inexperienced, inefficient and sloppy with belongings. I gave them specific instructions how to pack effectively. Pack larger furniture items first and get everything out of apartment to loading dock. This did not happen. 

In the time they milked the clock I packed van and suv and made three trips to new apartment. 

They could not find new address. 

On top of this, I had to simultaneously hire MORE movers to complete the job!

I told this first crew to unpack at loading dock because i didn’t want to pay them to WASTE more of my time by being slow AF and inefficient.
The second crew was AMAZING professional, had an actual xl truck and were kind enough to assist me in transporting ALL of the furniture the first crew left behind. 
This second crew was about to get the items left at loading dock into my new unit in a FRACTION of the time the first crew WASTED by being slow AF. 

Customer service did not respond to my multiple inquiries during this process. 
They finally responded after they could not OVERCHARGE me for the first crew. 

I advised that I would pay for the actual services rendered but not for them milking the clock and not actually completing the move. I literally moved more than the first crew which completely defeated even hiring them in the first place- they were literally horrible and I hope no one is unlucky enough to hire them. 

They charged me double of what it cost to move into my apartment with LUGG team with less furniture. 

And let’s not forget I had to HIRE ANOTHER LUGG TEAM to complete their sloppy job

It’s unfortunate because moving is stressful enough and then to get robbed of your money and time is just not ok. 

So book at your own risk!
I happily PAID in full with generous tip, the SECOND TEAM. 

I have no intention of paying the padded fees of first team, yet will pay them for the limited service rendered but LUGG management wants more money...

I suppose my witnesses, myself and my bank will now have to waste our time fighting being overcharged!

Really too bad...
I have been using this service regularly for the last year, and it was flawless until the last two times. The last 2 times that I requested a truck, they sent a VAN then tried to charge me more because the items will not fit in the van. Duh! That’s why I ordered the truck.

Poor movers come out for nothing. Lugg wastes everyone’s time. If you need a van, just order a truck and you’ll get one. Otherwise never using this app again