The app did not inform my driver of the correct time to pick up or what items the driver would be picking up. 

The driver then said she would cancel, did not, and I was charged. I had to go through my bank to get my money back because customer service would not help, despite the driver cancelling. 

I was shocked at how unprofessional both the driver and customer service acted when I reached out for help.
I paid for two dressers to be brought upstairs to my bedroom as part of delivery and the drivers decided to only bring up one and leave the other downstairs. There is no one in my house that is able to carry the dressers upstairs, which is why I paid for the service. Unfortunately, they were unable to help me get it resolved. I will now have to pay movers to come and bring the other dresser upstairs after paying for the service. I do not recommend.
Bad if you leave in the state of Missouri (st louis City) don’t waste your money in the background check $50 i sing up with them about 1 month and i haven’t had 1 call or projects like they call it don’t due is waste off money
I had a terrible experience with one of the drivers. I accidentally typed in the wrong address and messaged the driver. He was not that far away from the location where I was at. I tried to explain that there was a different route which would be a much shorter drive regarding the flood warning. But he wouldn’t even let me speak and gave me an attitude. We hung up the call, I sent him a text and advised that I could cancel the trip and schedule a different driver. He then calls me to start arguing with me and told me to do whatever I wanted and playing the blame game with me regarding the wrong address. I already accepted fault and apologized. Overall, very unprofessional. I messaged the people of customer service and they basically told me the driver is not obligated to drive if I sent the wrong address. The point was how I was treated by the driver, even after apologizing. Terrible.
Know that drivers are not trained movers. You have to be very specific in your instructions, even repeat them. Mine were nice, but took nicks out of my recently renovated front door frame and made small tears in the weather stripping. And overpriced for what they had to do. Will not use GoShare again
GoShare made a move into NYC easy and not too expensive. Love it!!
Do not use this service. They charge you twice and their “manager” is not helpful. And also charged me overtime because their guy took a long time to pick up my order and arrive. That clearly isn’t my fault and I’m getting charged overtime. What a joke and scam to charge their customers more money
I paid for two drivers expect a refund also way past time I gave you
Ask me to insert my credit card information many times and block me. I waited for a hour and it worked. Very frustrating
At first seemed great when I went to use it a second time I ran into issues for literally no reason on my end but unfortunately had to talk to someone in order to rectify the issue yet to speak to someone is literally the worst experience ever
This company was the worst moving service I ever experienced. I had my furniture destroyed, and damage done to the walls of my new home. I provided evidence with timestamps to the customer service team and my claim was denied for being “inconclusive. Absolutely terrible!!! Do yourself a favor and pay for an actual moving company who can wrangle their own employees and make amends for terrible work.
Not easy to use and doesn’t have claim access to review status. Can’t get to a human only a bot.
This app or business is the worst they charge me more than a professional company that I have use before with a big truck 2 people and more time. Don’t recommend it
The service was on time and everything went fine. The app itself doesn't work in all the ways it thinks it should: there's space for adding info about the delivery, but the text I put in didn't show up in the order. There's an option to put in customized cargo entries, but they don't save if you try to do that. Somebody needs to walk thru the app and check everything.
Job requested ,accepted at 7 am. Driver called to clarify job said he would be there at 230 and at 2 they said no one was available—pushed out until 5 then to 8. not only did I take off work I’m STILL not moved and my funds were tied up !
I inquired and made a payment for the dismantling and reassembling of an item, but to my astonishment, both the driver and the assistant were unaware and unequipped for the task. When I sought assistance, all I received was an email and no human interaction.I'm So desapointed.
Not very satisfied with service. Driver was late more than one hour for pickup. Furniture did not fit the truck and I had to use my own car for some parts. Was overcharged fo ikigu odfrnture. Iwas not explained how much it will cost me first. Also we had to hep with carrying boxes.
First you pay before you use the service then you’re charged after you use the service. This amounted to twice the amount for a 3 mile delivery.
They should not charge again unless authorized and I had no further contact after the delivery. Now they have access to my card.
I’m disappointed that I have to go to customer service to try to straighten this out.
Why do they still have access to my card?
I purchased a couch and had it delivered to my house. The gentlemen who delivered my couch, dropped it, halfway up the stairs and damaged my wall and my couch.  

There was a driver, and I ordered an additional person to help bring the couch up the stairs. The individual that was supposed to come with the delivery didn’t show. It was a stranger. I have no idea who came with a delivery driver. Unsafe and very uncool.

I spent $230 to have this couch brought to my home. What an absolute waste of money I only wasted money on the delivery but now my couch is damaged so in essence, I spent $1500 for damaged goods.

If you’ve never used, Goshare, don’t do it!
Horrible I will never use this service again
Ordered a cargo van the driver calls me and says he doesn’t have a cargo van just an SUV. My TV will not fit when you try to call the GoShare number it rings off the hook you cannot get in contact with anybody worse company ever.
Worst platform ever for furniture delivery. The drivers do not do what you pay them to do on the App. They are unprofessional and if you are using them as a 3rd party delivery service then don’t trust the drivers that work for them. They always are upset with GoShare and complain that they are not getting enough compensation. Also when things go bad there are no customer service phones or actual people to help resolve problems. Initially when the platform was new they did have people who could assist you and now they leave you high and dry.
My first time using this service. The delivery went well but not without a hassle. The store where I purchased the furniture initially sent the deliverers out with the incorrect furniture. The deliverers retuned the furniture back to the store to which I made the purchase and brought back the correct furniture. Due to the extra time regarding the store’s error I am being charged additional because it took more time for the delivery to be made. The store does not compensate me for that time nor GoShare. 

The deliverers were professional and followed my directions. I would utilize the service from GoShare. Because it was a easy process. Customer service was available and responded quickly. Inspite of the above hassle I still would give a 5 star rating.
In my opinion go share is a scam. They’ve taken several months to push me through the onboarding process. They charge you $50+ for a background check. For a simple email communication it took over two weeks to get a response from anybody in this organization. It is my belief they’re using the application process to phish for information and scam you out of $50+ in background check fees. Don’t waste your time or be lured by these con artists.
Everything seems to be going fine as you are entering in all the logistical information. But when it comes time to enter in credit card information, you have to type everything in manually, and then when you hit the submit button, all the payment information is deleted. It leads to a blank screen with nothing on it. Your only option is to go back to the previous screen where you find out that your payment information was not added and that there is no payment information associated with your account. I have tried this several times over and over and it produces the same problem. This app simply refuses to add payment information. So as far as I can tell it is unusable!  I am on an iPhone 11 Pro Max running the latest version of Apple iOS version 16.1.5 (c)
The app will not allow  me to book labor.
Regarding Driver Petro: I ordered a pickup truck for $165. He brought a mini Van which can not carry all of my stuff. He wanted to take apart my furniture so they and fit into the mini Van, then he changed his mind and asked me to pay for the second trip. Then he also charge me double for the first trip because he spent time to figure it out. Total he charged me was $270 for the first trip instead of $165.
Nasty, price gouging liberal run business. Double charged me and never showed up to do the work!
No customer service so can’t book with this company
This company does not repair damage when their drivers mess up your new home. buyer beware!!!
The company told me no one was available because it was raining. After the forst driver cancelled someone else accepted the deliver too late and i made other arrangements. They want to charge a cancellation fee after they originally cancelled on me. Horrible customer service. I cant imagine this company will be in business much longer trying to cheat customers like this.
Booked a box truck with liftgate, pallet jack, appliance dolly. I specified the dimensions of the appliance. 

Movers showed up late with a smaller truck with no liftgate, no pallet jack and no appliance dolly. 

They couldn’t move the appliance because… the truck was too small and they didn’t have a pallet jack.
Several sofa cushions were soiled.  I asked the guy if he dropped them. They appeared  to have  been dropped in the rain - they had leaves and l dirt on them.  2 cushions have spots on them that require professional cleaning.  Since the sofa is a light gray -  there isn’t a way to hide the spots - they require professional cleaning.    

Since I purchased the items as soon as they were placed on the floor- I know for certain there we’re any spots on the sofa - especially dirt and leaves from outside.
Drivers
I booked the pickup on 12th Nov for my TV pickup, we were waiting in the cold for 1:30 hrs, by that time the shop also got closed. We were extremely unhappy!
Use caution- try another source to avoid being used!   I requested service, had one text informing me I needed a different vehicle at increased rate, then I heard nothing!!! So I scheduled a different service. A driver shows up and I was charged a $40 cancellation fee. Poor communication!  No confirmation. Avoid!!!
They charge you money for not being able to take a trip first it’s a large amount they make you pay for background check than they find every way in the world to charge you for their glitchy app they invoice and steal $10 or $20 or $50 every time you turn around. The rides are always incorrect either wrong address no communication with clients and dispatch. Extremely rude and hard to get ahold of representatives. I don’t understand how these reviews are high they must pay people to leave reviews
This is the first time I write review for app. Haven’t seen so difficult-to-use app for long time. You can’t reuse project (modify something and resent), have to enter everything again. Project cancelled without apologize and notification, waste me too much time sent project again and again. Block login, block payment without any clear reason. Cannot transport piano but list piano in item selection, let user send project then cancelled.

So poor that I have to uninstall it. Yes you provide too much ad. But your app and use cases are too bad.
I want to deliver with goshare but I made the wrong account initially. I’m having trouble switching to a driver account. I also cannot contact support on this.
Even during review, I am not able to what I am writing. Please fix the app. It’s a good service. But app needs lot of improvements.
I booked my driver and was informed last minute of a change in move-in date. I was charged a late fee and reached out to customer service without any help. Next thing I did was requested to be reimbursed because I’m being charged for a service not rendered. I decided to give them another shot and I cannot login the account and saw an error message saying to contact customer service. 

Kaitlyn says “your account has been blocked since we received a chargeback on your last project. You will not be able book with us unfortunately.” 

Who blocks consumers from utilizing a service, this is very unprofessional and “petty” is you ask me. I told them I’d take my business elsewhere and I did. I’d highly recommend “Lugg” which allows you book immediately and/or cancel if needed. GoShare should learn empathy and things are out of your control.
Not happy with Goshare overall.  The app was confusing.  We provided all details about the move and a truck was recommended which was way undersized for the job.  Goshare provided cost estimate and move duration based on what was provided by us but the truck selected was very small.  Matter of fact the company did not have larger trucks to complete our move.  Since the company does not provide large truck, the driver had to make multiple trips to complete the move which took longer and ultimately increased our move cost significantly.  Instead of GoShare taking the responsibility for sending a small truck and absorbing the additional cost, they charged us for the mistake.   We will be challenging their cost.  Since they have no larger trucks, it tells me that the company is doing this intentionally to bump up their profit margins which should be an unethical practice.
I like the idea of this app but getting charged a pending amount twice is really annoying. I don’t know why it shows up twice especially if you have other bills. 

It would be much easier if they just charged you a holding fee of $1 and then the full amount once the delivery fee is complete.

I like the low cost of service but for the reason above I probably won’t book again until fixed.
super disappointing.  i got a cancelation (from the app!) stating that what i needed transported cannot be transported with the method i selected.  should this not have been flagged when the reservation was made given that i specified what was to be moved!?!?  all in all, really bad experience, so won’t be trying the service again…
I applied as a driver. I believe my truck might not of been the model year that they wanted if I go and purchase a newer model year there’s no way for me to resubmit my application with an updated vehicle there’s no explanation as to my disqualification or any option to submit future applications
from a Dependable company? My first experience and my LAST. 
After rescheduling the time 3 times. Only 1 person showed up he was very pleasant, and early. The helper never showed up. Help was definitely need for a huge 3 pc sectional. Long story short I live in south Florida I stood in the hot parking lot at Costco for 1.5 hrs …. After waiting in the store for 1.5 hrs.  I canceled the project due to all this poor service.
Now I find out I am expected to pay a cancellation fee of $45.00. 
Shame on you !
This is more like an uber for items pick up and drop. Easy to set a pick up time. I felt very expensive. Only 5mile drop off i had selected and they charged me $90 for a pick up truck selection. I may no go with the service again. The person who dropped our item was insisting he would not drop it at the front door and some hidden charges for equipment was added which we are unaware off.
Was scheduled to get picked up at 5 driver never showed and I got told that I could get another driver by 6 waited the hour at the store and then they let me know at 6 that they couldn’t find a driver as the store closes to. So now I’m in a parking lot with a couch and no way to transport it. Fun stuff. First and last time I use this app.
GoShare CEO trying to tell everyone Move It copied their website when it is actually the opposite. Stay your lane Shaun Savage. Everyone knows Move It is by far a better service than GoShare. Be authentic. We will trade mark even more so you can stop stealing words and claiming to be yours
I have used your service and your delivery guys are great. 

Putting in my info and delivery instructions are always truncated. I stopped using your service a year ago. Tried again today. Same problem. Ridiculous.
This company could be fraudulent. Last minute cancellation after I had to pay in full, driver name was Brian. Do not trust this company.
They are, as they say, a startup technology company, and yes, their model is simple: they are trying to be the Uber of moving company, connecting “a man with a truck” to someone who needs AMwAT… so far so good. But the issue is that they don’t do this very well, I suspect because the company is weak and cannot control the “independent contractors” it is trying to connect to customers. My experience has been that I schedule a pick-up/drop-off with them on the app, which goes well and smoothly. Then, I get a barrage of text messages (why not use the app? Isn’t that the point of an App?) telling me about drivers rescheduling, cancelling, wrong size truck sizes arriving, and basically, a lot of your time being wasted and you realise that going to the local U-haul and hiring the couple of day workers there (actually the same guys who do the job anyway!) would have been quicker, less stressful, and easier. So, yes, it is trying to cater to our modern age of “faceless connections” and technology based basic services, but it miserably fails to do so. I am not sure why Uber works and GoShare doesn’t, but the facts lie before you.
I bought an air hockey table from Costco
The GoShare guys were prompt, professional and worked hard getting it in to my basement
The driver did not show up and when I called he said he never accepted the drive. Messaged customer service and put in another order. I honestly thought they would take the time to make sure we had an official driver but no follow through and no driver. Too bad, I could use this service so often. I hope they work out all the kinks.
Not recommended!!!!!!!!! Ever
The delivery movers were not the movers identified in the app. The delivery movers seemed unfamiliar with unloading the furniture and moving it into the home. The furniture came bundled directly from the store and was wrapped in plastic wrap. The movers brought a headboard and footboard up the stairs that was wrapped together instead of unwrapping it; bringing it up together made the items very heavy and bulky. The same was done for an armoire. Instead of unwrapping it and taking out the drawers to make it lighter they brought it up the stairs in tact with a very heavy dolly. The stairs walls were banged and scratched very heavily. The movers left all of the trash in the front yard. I was expecting professional movers. The movers were just unfamiliar with what they were doing it seemed like. They didn’t have moving apparatuses which make lifting heavy objects easy like straps. They didn’t seem very strong. I was really worried they were going to damage more than just the walls. I was worried they were going to damage the furniture or hurt themselves. I’ve moved a lot in my lifetime as I am a military spouse. I’ve never felt this uneasy about my items being moved. Only one person stayed behind to assemble a bed. I had to help the mover which was very uncomfortable. He did not know how to assemble the bed. I will not use the service again.
They pressured you into getting more than one person knowing very well only one person will come out. Customer service is very rude and always have some same attitude when you ask questions. I will never use their service again
Buyer beware that my experience was job completion is optional, if your furniture is damaged it’s your problem (plausible deniability for them), and competence of movers is optional (a luck of the draw really). If I could rate negative stars I would- one star is way too high. I scheduled a job to be delivered to my 2nd floor. They abandoned the furniture on my first floor. The movers dragged my furniture on the pavement with no protection damaging them. I had to send multiple messages to the company over days to actually get any kind of response re: completing the delivery and the damage. Response was akin to, first we don’t cover damage the movers do, then too bad we don’t agree our guys caused the damage so you’re on your own, and finally up to you to get your stuff upstairs too bad we couldn’t complete the project as agreed and scheduled. So here am I furniture blocking my enterance and damaged. Nice work GoShare- you should be proud. Never again will I use this absolutely awful service. Horriblr customer experience all around.
Yes the driver left without me. I called them they said they weren't supposed to take me. I said I have keys to the place they said they would leave the stuff in front of the new place. I got to the new place they weren't there. They took my stuff back to my old place and left them in the driveway.
They charge you before the services and then if the amount is different- they charge you again but do not revoke the first charge. Then when you want to talk to someone they say Sorry we missed you! We will get back to you shortly! — it’s Monday at 1pm - what are y’all doing?????
HOW DOES A SERVICE PROVIDER NOT GUARANTEE THE SERVICE? WHAT KIND OF 5TH GRADE BUSINESS MODEL IS THAT?
If you don’t want a vehicle used that’s older than a 2006, then that should be stated and should not even be an option to choose. Now I can’t re do the application because it was rejected and they won’t respond to the email.
Do not use this they will double charge you. Called my bank it is not a “hold” on my account like the robot keeps telling me. They double charged me and made my account go to overdraft. Never have I experienced this with an online service. I have receipts to prove I was overcharged but still it is unfortunate that this happened. The delivery went smooth but this billing is a nightmare. Don’t use this service they may be convenient but obviously they have hidden fees (They can’t explain them) and no one likes to use a service that is not upfront about cost. They have no customer service line to call, only chatbot so Goodluck getting in touch with a human about any concerns you have.
Bad timing 
Charged me over
Bad movers
Never deal with them
We purchased a couch at Costco that required a 2-person team to move. GoShare could not put together a 2-person team in the 24 hour hold window. We were forced to return the couch.

Worse, after coordinating in-app with a contractor they had assigned to the job, I learned that GoShare had sent the contractor to the pickup location regardless of the fact that they didn’t have a second helper ready. Not a great way to treat contractors.
Worst app ever I have used     No customer service   No number to call or person to speak to   
They ask a lot of information without estimate or feedback.   Have texted support numerous times and no response.
I have two authorizations on my debit card one for $100 and the other one for 74.99 I paid for the driver gave him a tip and the $100 authorization is still on my card I do not appreciate having all that money held when the service was performed and paid for there is no way to contact customer service no phone numbers and a chat function that is not monitored
I was overcharged for my project!
Please correct the erroneous amount.
Charged me $100 “hold” fee after I already paid in full the final amount via their receipt ($98)

Who charges a “hold” fee after the final charges are already finalized?

Not working with again. Check their google review page for how their reviews really are.
Too difficult to contact if you have issues
No clarity as to whether or not your pick up has been scheduled
I used this app to have a chair from home goods delivered. It’s was $85 to deliver one chair for a ten minute drive. My chair came totally damaged. I contacted customer service 3 times with details of the chair and pictures. Twice with no response, and once saying they’re going to look into it and get back to me. That was three days ago. I’ve contacted since but yet, no response….
They could not properly quote on moving my valuables and they have movers with no moving experience. It is not safe using them. I would recommend using an app called Muva if you are moving, they are real professionals.
Not well put together and seems like a low budget app.
Asks me to list every single item I want moved. Who actually has the time for this? Not able to give an accurate quote and no information on the movers and if they even have experience moving.
The app is a bit kludgy to use on a phone, and one time it messed up an address, but communications can be handled directly and the work gets done.
No one to speak too. Difficulty assigning the job. Only used because of Costco.
These guys do NOT use professionals..I used this app to move a refrigerator and a couple of large boxes…they showed up with no tools, had no idea how to take the doors off of a refrigerator(which is required to get a larger refrigerator out the door) , made me(a disabled person) take the doors off myself, then ripped the water line out rather than locate a pair of pliers to get it off correctly, then left the bow broken and I assembled refrigerator at my home. They then charged me over $900 and even had the nerve to ask for a tip. They were not professional movers, there were just a couple of junk haulers claiming to be professionals…Stay away from this app and it’s “professionals”
I tried this service for the first time and am not impressed. The driver was 30 minutes late and showed up without the equipment I had paid for. The wood leg on my furniture was cracked in route. Not a good experience. I won’t use GoShare again.
GoShare charges you silently if you cancel a project even if you cancel in advance. The silent charges do not show in your order history. You see these charges on credit card statement only. I will not recommend this service to anybody.
No overtime rates were given.
Charged for additional equipment not used.

Will never use again.
Took advantage of my wife  company changed my original booking from box truck tom2 pick up trucks !!! Last minute my wife was stuck etc etc 
I more I talk the angrier I get
I just downloaded the app to load a job in it. 
The app says to upload the images of the project items to be moved or transported. It gives the option of selecting a picture from file or taking a photo. Well taking a photo works fine but the adding a photo from file needs some work. Add a photo from file. Select the photo. The it gets stuck on move and size. It won’t actually select and then go next. It stays on the photo but will not ever let it be added.
The app was a little confusing when choosing the items to be transported.
Very bad service. Charged $20 for cancellation. Will never use them.
They debit your account without even knowing if they can provide the service. Big scam.
I was very satisfied with the individuals who helped me move through go share, however I was incredibly frustrated when I received the final bill which was $150 the estimated price of my move. No one in customer service was able to provide me a clear invoice breakout and instead said everything was in fine print (though they could not bring up my original estimated invoice). I will never use this app again, unfortunately.
Charged 3 times for one job and knowing I tipped the guy 20 cash 100 to the site for him so f these thieves
I’m sorry this was terrible service
Don’t waste your time
With this company
I had an estimate, which was more than I planned on, but I agreed to it. The next day,  I received a final bill of approximately $152. I was told this amount by a CS rep by chat and an email of the chat history was sent to me. Two hours later, that email was erased by GoShare. Another email was sent in its place saying now I was now being charged $294. I looked in my checking account....They already took it out of my account!!!  I will be disputing this. It’s funny that the chat history and previous email was withdrawn to cover themselves. So, really, the company scammed me after the fact. The movers told me I wasn’t going to be charged anything other than the estimate. Additionally, they damaged my floor. They admitted to it. Now let’s see if GoShare will pay for the damages or try and say it was not their fault. I will never recommend this service to anyone, nor use it again, unless the company rectified this huge huge mistake.
Terrible service. I paid for a pickup at 2:30 pm and they call me to say they are delayed. I say ok, but the store closes at 6pm. I call the delivery guy to make him aware and he says ok . He will pickup and be at my home at 6:30. He calls me at 6 to day he is delayed and hasn’t even picked up the merchandise. Horrible horrible service!! I want a refund !!!!!!! The service guy was Irwin.
Attempted multiple times to use the app and website, to no avail, as there was a security update on their end which would not allow my payment methods (I tried more than one) to go through. No apologies, no customer service to call. Clearly interested in obtaining new business, and VERY unapologetic (specifically, blamed me, and I called to verify with my banking institution that it was a problem on the site and app’s end). Dealing with them caused needless stress!
The person who accepted the project didn’t read correctly what was needed. They accepted & at the last minute stated they were only going to do one job when I was quoted for two. It’s stupid and a waste of my time, I went with a reliable company instead at a cheaper price.
I highly don’t recommend this app. I was very excited to try this out and absolutely loved the concept. However my service was extremely disappointing and ended up putting me in a more stressful situation mentally, physically and financially. Don’t use this app to move. Don’t hire any folks off here. I had to throw away half my sectional from how unprofessional my movers were, I also witnessed them drag my bed on the street and also tore a 5 inch hole from getting caught on the door frame. Complete carelessness and the worst part was I got CHARGED per minute for these guys to sit here and chit chat going over the time we had set. Screw this app. Save yourself the trouble!
Requested for a pick up & delivery. They take your money upfront. Then sends the request for a driver. No is available. So they text me and tell me and say they cancelled the project. When no one is available it takes 2-3 business days to release a hold on your money🤔?? So not only did you take my money up front but you can't find me a driver and you can't release my refund for days.... I suggest you start sending the request first and once someone confirms then take the payment. Now I'm out of $110 and not driver... It's very inconvenient for the customer.
We’ve been waiting for almost 2 hours and have had to change delivery time 3 different times customer service has been good but the wait is killer. And we’re still waiting
The mover guys were great and on time, however the company ripped me off, first quote was 120.00 they cancelled and told me I needed a big truck $289.00 for a 50 pound mini fridge!!! I was desperate because my refrigerator broke so I paid it, only 4miles no steps!!! Shame on them!!!!
First time trying this app and couldn’t have my stuff delivered the same day try calling them and no one would pick up the phone only some text app paid too much for a delivery and still didn’t get my stuff
Used the app to coordinate delivery of 36wx70hx30d Maytag Wide x Side. Paid extra for a dolly and ramp. the driver arrived after transporting it from Arlington Va to DC on its side (a basic no-no). No dolly and no ramp. Pulled the refrigerator out of his pickup across his tailgate, dragged it across our cement stairs, then tried to place it on a small square wooden appliance buggy. 

After further scrapes and watching them try and lift it  damaging it more I had them leave it on my patio blocking access to my garage and alley. Nathan at GoShare tried to help and lined up someone for the next morning. 

That person never called or showed. After talking with Brandi and Emilie trying to figure a plan that wasn't "what's the latest we can take care of it" and offering suggestions and options they could try, I was transferred to Marissa. She told me that they would not be refunding my original delivery or paying for someone to complete the job. When I told her that is not what Nathan indicated she disconnect our chat and blocked my ability to access customer service through the app. 

After being ghosted by Customer Service for 24 hours I paid some else else to move it in my house only to discover the transport damage rendered the unit inoperable. 

Still nothing on numerous texts or emails. 

Buyer beware!!
The sloppiest run app ever. Was a pain in the ass to book and still had my delivery being canceled on their end with no communication.
Worst service ever
App and website down for hours ... unable to make a cargo pickup request with no manual back up process to take order.  

Poor customer we support!
I had no problems moving my full bed matress and also my box spring.
App doesn’t let me submit order. It keeps asking me for field validation when I have provided al information correctly. Had to submit order online then. Fix your app. I myself manage apps, unable to let customers finish transaction is the ultimate sin!
GoShare offers no support for drivers. After providing all of your personal information they have no ability to delete it. Not a trustworthy company. [update: GoShare responding claiming one need simply send an email to have social security number, DL, bank account numbers, etc deleted. This is not true. I sent several emails and all were ignored. No response received. GoShare is not trustworthy with sensitive data].
Very hard to communicate with this company! Presently have offer in, a tad non-responsive?! Not sure if I would recommend!
Not ready for prime time...Forbes calls it going out of business slowly...
Waste of money and time. Horrible customer service. There was a “glitch” so movers wouldn’t assemble the items I purchased.  Instead I was offered $120 to assemble by the movers. Come to find out that I did in fact pay for assembly. I had to chase my money down and still out a ton through no fault of my own.
I had two helpers hired to move a fridge. It took them an extra 45 minutes because neither had never moved a fridge before and had no clue how to disconnect the water line. They were both very courteous, but not exactly the right guys for the job. The only reason the job was competed was bc my general contractor showed up and showed them how to do it. GoShare reviewed my competed and waiver request for the extra $100 in time charged and declined to do anything about it. So if hiring incompetent workers is your jam, GoShare may be for you. But if you, like me, thought when you pay someone $105 for 30 min of their time that they would be competent, then you should look elsewhere. Will not use again.
Driver didn’t bring my stuff inside the house and told customer service that I need him to assemble the furniture that’s why he left everything outside. Bad customer service. I’ll not use it again.
I paid for someone to come with a helper. The guy showed up 2 hours late by himself. 

I reported the problem to the management and they said I would be refunded within 2-3 business days.. it has been over a week and I still haven’t received my refund. Ive tried reaching out 3 separate times since And I still have not received NOTHING. 

I have never written a bad review for any type of company .. but this was the worse I’ve experienced since having the APP STORE in general.

I WILL NEVER USE GoSHare EVER AGAIN AND I WILL BE SURE TO WARN OTHERS ABOUT THIS HORRIBLE BUSINESS.
Exactly as planned!!
App is clunky, hard to use. Help/customer service function within app and with personel is lacking (slow responses, button doesn’t work).
 
SEVERLY disappoints in my interactions with GoShare.

The hired hand dropped and broke a delivery item. GOShare has had a lack of communication in a timely matter to address this issue. They denied my claim with no transparent investigation.

They will not call you, even if you request it, extremely slow on response through email and app chat (2+ days email/+20min response via chat), and they allow AGGRESSIVE AND THREATENING subcontractors work for them and deny any responsibility. They also ended my chat mid-conversation with no warning.

I’m STILL waiting for a response from their team.
This company is a scam. My friend had hired them at the recommendation of Crate & Barrel to move a table that her and her fiancé recently purchased. During transit the hired movers CRACKED the table top and this company has been a nightmare for my friend to deal with. She has submitted claims and reached out and they have been ignoring her, even deleting her comments from Facebook and effectively blocking her. If you have nothing to hide, why are you deleting comments? This is shady practice and I urge anyone to reconsider hiring this company. Mistakes happen, things get broken. But own up to it and deal with it like proper adults. How shameful.
Driver never confirmed. Second helper was never notified and showed up for scheduled pick-up time. Customer service just stopped responding.
I do not recommend this service in Denver.  Apparently they lack operators - I should have rented the u-haul to do it myself.
Don’t use this company, delivery people come to your home, they leave and add money to your quote and take the money