They picked up the rug that I purchased and delivered it on time and professionally. I contacted customer service and was able to get answers immediately. The movers were easy to get ahold of and finished promptly.
Great professional Michael Mitchell who assisted me!
Excellent service. Friendly and easy. Will call them again in the future!
I received a quote in the app and after the move when it was time to pay there was an additional base fee that should have been on the original quote. They also have exorbitant by the minute charges if you go over, but of course they don’t refund you if you go under. I’d say this is better than nothing but be very careful. my driver couldn’t get his app to work and seemed kind of out of it but I’ve read that they pay them peanuts.
I didn’t know what to do with my dresser so it was so great to use this service😊
Great service they provide it was timely on target well informed on every step made my recent pick up and delivery from third-party trouble free and free. Will be happy with their service.
The 2 men sent were polite on time professionals.. fast and efficient 
Will be using go. Share again
They were pleasant and very nice would recommend them for future jobs
Delivered in less then 1 hour.
Marcus and Miguel did a great job!
Bought 2 chairs at Home Sense and they were delivered in a matte rod hours. Excellent service.
Wow service!  Very hard working. Energetic and Professional!
I was unable to contact the driver via app and the number available just kept dropping the call. I decided to cancel the service since the package being delivered was in a store and they were about to close. Hence, the need to want to know the exact ETA so I can either wait outside with the package or reschedule for next day. Anyways, I canceled the service on the apps and was charged $40 for services not provided and unable to reach customer service and or the driver. I was hoping for a customer centered experience at the very list.
Very helpful App! Good customers support also
Excellent service!  Will use again and highly recommend!
The app is so easy to use and self explanatory. The delivery driver that was assigned to us, Eli, was courteous and let us know what was going on with our delivery every step of the way.
The app isn’t bad but should require a picture so the delivery person knows exactly what is being delivered. Also, HomeGoods recommends this app for delivery items so better coordination with them and other vendors
Wonderful service     Very helpful.  We were able to purchase a sofa and get it delivered SAME DAY!    Worth the money and very professional service.  Did not know about this  service before today.   Glad to know about it now.
I needed to find a way to get something done that was time sensitive reached out to GoShare and they was able to help me with what I needed to get done. Very helpful app. Glad I found it.
This was my first time using an app like this and I wasn’t sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. It was quick and easy. My delivery pros were friendly, polite and professional. I will definitely be using this again when needed in the future.
This was my first time using this service. I thought it was easy, quick and convenient. I wish the price was a bit less, but overall, I would definitely use them again. I will be referring friends so that I can use my promo code next time.
I requested 2 helpers for 2 hours, only 1 showed up. It was difficult to contact customer support. I eventually was called back, she put me on hold to “ contact her manager” then I was disconnected. 2 hours after the first helper showed up, they sent another guy out but the job was done by my son, daughter and one go-share helper. Go-Share charged me the entire price quoted for 2 helpers. Do not use this App!! They will rip you off!
First off, both gentlemen that helped me with my project were great!  Professional, great service, and got the job done.  On the other hand this app charges way too much.  I would not recommend to family and  friends solely due to charges being too high.  The estimate you first receive is not the final price, please keep that in mind.
What a great service to discover!  We’ll use you folks again!
I bought a sofa off of facebook marketplace,   but it was heavy, so before paying for it I had to figure out how to move it, and get it up a flight of stairs.  The app was easy to use and figure out, it was easy to add a second “helper” for the move.  Really liked the up front pricing.  Factored that into the total cost and bought the sofa.  The two guys that showed up were great, and showed up (separately) in 30 and 40 mins.  

It did take a few minutes to get signed up, but next time should not have to do that.
I don’t have a large car nor the expertise to move heavy items through tight areas. I was worried after seeing some reviews about customer service, but my rep was super helpful and quick to solve a small scheduling problem. As for the movers themselves, I’m very satisfied, and they kept me informed about their arrival and status! They really saved me a ton of time and effort.
He did an excellent job! Efficient and very helpful!
I’ve used this app for pickup and delivery three times now and it’s been awesome! Super easy, quick and professional.
Skylar was prompt, pleasant and professional! Would definitely recommend.
Brought it in the condition it was in. And was nice and quick !
Hired GoShare to pick up purchase from store and deliver to my home.  GoShare driver Hardeep noticed that one of the items was damaged and called to ask if he should pick it up!  He also sent me a photo of the damaged item.  I told him not to pick up.  Very impressed that he thought enough to call me - avoiding a return charge.  In addition, the other items that I ordered were delivered with care and in a timely manner.  That is great customer service. Very reasonable prices.  Will definitely use GoShare again.
This is a great service.  I am alone and no man or truck now l have both from this app ! A way to get new furniture that l fall in love with !
I had the app for about 2 months and didn’t receive not one order.
Discovered this delivery service via Home Goods employee. Great discovery!!! Much cheaper than Lugg and the other carriers. The driver handled my items with care and arrived on time. Scheduled at 11 am for a 2 pm pickup.
Very good communication with GoShare and the professional who did my pick up and delivery
Go share made purchasing a large piece of furniture so easy. The workers were wonderful to work with, on time etc.  I highly recommend using them.
I used the service to deliver 2 large paintings from TjMaxx Homegoods. You upload a photo of the item to be picked up and a photo of the hold receipt. You can schedule the timeframe and pay online. Lorenzo the driver was prompt and courteous.The app was self explanatory and very easy to use.
It was my first time using GoShare and I was totally satisfied with the service.
I was so pleased with the service! Using the app is so easy and efficient! I’ll be happy to use you again! Thank you!
I was recommended this app from a department store selling heavy furniture. I was surprised how quickly the guys arrived and delivered once we requested a pickup (within the hour). It was incredibly easy to get a free quote and you can tip from the app. I have zero complaints and would definitely use again!
Both pros were excellent. Came on time. Did everything professionally. Very honest. Everything he did with a smile. The whole experience was so smooth.  Reasonable pricing.
From the app to the assignment of a mover the process moves quickly smoothly and reliably. Never any complaints in three years of using GoShare exclusively.
Super fast! On time and professional!!
Fast and efficient service!
Today I discovered GoShare. I purchased an piece of antique furniture on FB Marketplace and was disappointed to discover that the piece could not be dismantled to fit in my SUV. As the seller was moving, I needed to secure delivery quickly.  

I found GoShare online. Its like Uber for deliveries.  

Using the app, i entered the pick up and delivery locations, details and a photo of the furniture. A driver picked up the job in less than 5 minutes. 

I received a text notification from GoShare letting me know the project had been assigned.  I had a few more details to relay. Jason replied quickly letting me know the information would be relayed to the driver. I was impressed that a real person handled the information.  

The delivery was successful. The driver communicated all steps of the project and delivered the furniture safely. 

Upon delivery, drivers mark the end of the project, and take a photo of the delivered item. This is saved in the app for your records.  

The app is easy to use, indicates progress, handles payment and tips efficiently.  Users can see an itemized break down of the final charges before paying.  

There is a charge if the delivery takes longer than expected.  My project did take longer as the driver encountered traffic. 

I was happy with my GoShare experience and will use the service again!
First time using this service and he was AMAZING!!!!! Thank you so much for your help!!!!
I will recommend this company and specially Mark.
Go Share made my porch furniture purchase easy and hassle free. A wonderful
Delivery man with a van.
Easy peasy no brainer!!!
Thank you!
I use this service for the first time for the delivery of office furniture and I’m really happy with them, all items were delivered in perfect condition and secured, I highly recommend them!
Like seriously, nothing in life works out this easy. My husband hurt his back moving and just to see what the costs would be to have it moved for us oh a whim through another app I’ve used before- I saw this one and decided to get a quote. Literally from idea to Michael being at our house and loading up was less than an hour. This service was not just affordable, convenient, and quick- our guy Michael was awesome. I am taking time out of moving to write this review that’s how happy we are with our experience. The cost of service was exactly what we were quoted and Michael even got here and started early. 10/10!!!!!
Great service, professional people. I don’t think I can get a better delivery service than goshare.
Go Share was exactly what we needed to get a purchase we made moved to our place. Such a useful and convenient service when you don’t have access to a larger cargo or moving truck. Will definitely use Go Share again!
Both guys were great Movers. Listen well no damage very considerate. It’s the best experience I’ve ever had moving and I move every year. The other moves have sucked. This one’s the best. I can’t believe how great they are. I’m not able to move things myself. I was very grateful for their strong backsand we had to go up and down a lot of stairs. No worries these guys were strong. I could go on for hours how great they are also very reasonable I wouldn’t call anyone else.
The reservation was easy to make over the phone. The representative helped me as much as he can, because he was sick, he had a hard time talking. I appreciate his time, and he answered all my questions as a first time customer. I wasn’t frustrated or got annoyed by him, sometimes it happens to new company.

I told him I need a pickup at 4pm (when I called at 3pm) and he submitted that request in the database, however, this guy who decided pick up my delivery at Costco was commuting 1.25 hours away from MD to winchester so he arrived at 4:40pm. These drivers bring their own vehicles and maybe driving from somewhere far away or local so”can’t be accountable on exact time”. 

My 2nd problem that I came across is that the white van that show up wasn’t a “cargo vehicle” that I reserved so the driver had to make 2 trips and was upset by that. What got to me is that the van was able to hold 2 boxes max -make 2trips-took more time waiting for him to drive back to my house and I was charged for a “cargo vehicle”! 

There were some communication mistakes for sure! However I am thankful that someone was able to help me last minute today and show up less than 2 hours from when I made the reservation.
I bought two recliners which were in stock at Kirkland’s . The store suggested using GoShare for the delivery and it was great! I had the chairs in my home two hours later. Awesome service I will definitely use them again
Found out about this service today and immediately booked! So happy to learn about this service! Will definitely use this app again!
Ap is super wonderful and the team very prompt and professional.
I bought a new sectional couch at Costco, but didn’t have the truck to bring it home (nor did any friends). Plus as a single older person who is no longer able to do the heavy lifting required to get this monster home, Goshare was my answer!!! The app was really easy to use for same-day (or pre-arranged delivery). I just uploaded pick up and drop off locations, size of vehicle needed, and number number of workers to do the job. I got a free estimate to see if I wanted to purchase (and by the way, the delivery fee rivals any store delivery fee), and done! The service was excellent. Workers came to pick it up and the drop off was seamless. I totally highly recommend this service for any delivery or move.
This was my first time with GoShare. 
If everyone is like John H, then this company will flourish. 
Not only was he on time but arrived  fully prepared for options of ideas and tools in getting this oversized item into the haus. 
Truly a pleasure. 
Thanks John!
I tried first time this app to deliver sofa to my house and it was good experience!!!
Fast, friendly, reasonably price service. The driver Rudy went beyond helping me return a piece of furniture. Definitely would use this service again!!
Both did a great job with watching the walls and floors! Would easily recommend them!
How do I add a tip?
Awesome delivery person 
Professional on time  ,and call  check in  with me, 
Good customer service  sometimes it just takes a call not texting.
I was thoroughly impressed with the service of GoShare, which I used for the first time. I needed someone to pick up and deliver at the last minute. I was able to book a same-day appointment 90 minutes before 🙏🏽🥰
The movers were prompt and professional, and they handled everything with care. I am definitely going to use GoShare services again.  

Thank you, GoShare!
I couldn’t have made thus any easier if I’d had it -pre-planned myself. The delivery person most personable and I will use again for sure!
Everything went very smooth! Very great for your services!
My driver did an excellent job of getting my chairs safely to my home. Will encourage me to buy more at Homegoods!
I’m super grateful that the people at Costco referred us to this service. Our delivery guy, Tague was awesome! I will definitely be using your company again and referring out to my clients.
James was absolutely delightful. He was quick, professional, and handled my new furniture with care! Highly recommend
I used goshare in 2021, great experience. I'm moving again and needed to ship several large boxes. UPS idiot drivers failed THREE TIMES. So i hired goshare again to take the boxes (about 20) to the UPS store, and once again, it was a lovely experience. The drivers are polite and helpful and do their job. Would highly recommend!!! 🖤✨
If I had to sum it up in one word, it would be effortless. I appreciate it. I was able to create my own à la carte based on my needs. I would recommend this service for purchases at Costco, Best Buy, etc. same-day delivery without the extra hidden fees from the store.
This was my 1st time to use GoShare.  It was a last minute pickup/delivery with a 1 hr window.  The app was very user friendly.  I was able to upload photos and my receipt.  

Brian R was my driver.  He was delightful to work with, being on time, pleasant. He took care in the placement of my furniture.  Brian is very professional.  I will recommend him/GoShare to my friends and business associates.  I will use GoShare again.
Awesome app! Works well! Elaborate
The estimate is attractive but they will get you later with actual time
Go Share has our backs, literally helping with the heavy lifting in a professional manner and always on time. We are so grateful to know Go Share is there for us.
Great App and good experience…
Amazing service, fast, professional and friendly!
I was so happy with their service. Works well when the store doesn’t have delivery options. Not cheap but worth it.
I found the app easy to use, the responses, timely, and the detail about the costs very informative. While this was my first experience, it won’t be my last. I will use this app again.
This is the second time I have used GoShare. I highly recommend them and will continue to use their services.
The app was very easy to use and the people who delivered my order were timely, thoughtful and very professional!
Used GoShare today for the first time in a while. Was so impressed that I will definitely be using them again soon. Driver today was professional, on time, considerate and all at a reasonable price. Couldn’t be more satisfied with the service I experienced today. Thank you!
So I’ve never been so happy to have picked up a business card in my life! I was in a furniture store and I saw these business cards. Something told me to get one. Well my movers canceled on me day of and I booked these movers same day! I was so relieved the process was so easy and seamless! The movers were quick, efficient and professional! If I ever need things moves again, I will look no where else! The only thing that would have really made me extra happy was if the movers could dismount my tv unit. But the couldn’t due to policy. Still very happy!!!
Movers didn’t show up. Customer support is chat. No one responded.
My husband and I have used GoShare 4 times now and we have been extremely happy every time.  The service is fast, friendly, convenient, and professional.  Customer service seems to be a lost art in many American businesses but not with GoShare.  Thank you so much GoShare.
Can’t believe how easy it is to all of the support you need!
1st time using GoShare app and was truly impressed with everything about it !
   I purchased an outdoor door seating set at a Home Goods store in Toms River but they don’t
do deliveries. The cashier suggested using the GoShare app for delivery.  I downloaded the GoShare app and entered pickup and delivery addresses,  picked type of truck and put in payment with credit card .
Within 30 minutes I received a response from my driver and his eta.  I was blown away that less than 2 hours after purchase, the furniture was delivered at my house. This was a Sunday night !  My delivery driver was the best!    Thank you GoShare !
Excellent service but had a little issue during booking and being rescheduled. Otherwise excellent service
I had no idea about this service. My sons package was delivered to my house by mistake and it had to be delivered to his house today. My car was in the shop and I had so many things going on I couldn’t take his delivery to him. It was his wife’s Mother’s Day gift from the kids so it was imperative he got it today. I did a search online and scheduled my delivery. The gentleman that showed up was very kind and understood that it had to get to my sons house today. He drove it straight there. I am such a happy customer. I look like Mom of the year to my son and he looks like he did an amazing job getting her gift without her finding out. We all win
Can I start today?
I am excellent driver
This wa our first time using GoShare. We needed a large bench delivered from HomeGoods and they use this outside vendor.  Literally 5min or less after signing up via the app, we got a driver assigned.   We were able to track the status along the way and they sent status alerts too.  The driver was quick and very friendly!  We will definitely use this service again.
Go share is Awesome.
I have used this service 1 time with success and twice with no success. 1st time it took quite a bit of time to find a driver but eventually one was found. 

2-3 time over 2 day I out in multiple request for a variety of different vehicles and didn’t get one driver.
Used many times on my iPhone for delivering large items. Great to see that the app works well on a macbook too.
They take entirely to long to process payments, which essentially prevents the drivers from getting paid. Which in turns holds you up from getting the authorization hold off of your account. I had to reach out to the company 3 different times requesting them to process my payment . Super annoying, and I do not recommend this app.
I’m so glad Home Goods referred me to this company. Prices are very reasonable and great service. Not all of us have a pickup or access to one. I would definitely use again
Peter was incredibly professional!  He had our couch wrapped  to make sure it was delivered perfectly! He delimit into our hose and made sure it was perfect!
Had use for delivery and service is nice & easy !
I was able to purchase a sofa today during the holiday sales. I had no idea I would get it delivered within an hour after buying it from the store. I was just blessed today because the sofa I wanted was much more expensive in another store. I was able to purchase at another store that offered same day delivery and I paid less than the cost of the sofa at the other store and got professional same day delivery that was included. The service delivery persons were fast, courteous, professional, and helpful. They took really good care in delivering the sofa as if it were their own. Thank you.
The billing on the other hand was poor customer service. Put 2 holds on my account and only one was released when actual bill was paid. The second was a 6 day hold for no reason. I don’t have a contact number to speak to a live person, only a bot. 😡
It is so hard to find a service for moving things either across town or at your home. These guys are professionals, polite and on time. What more could you want?
I didn’t know about you all.  Glad to know you’re here. I will use your services again. Thank you!
I saw a large sideboard I wanted to buy….
Got the GoShare App….. and by 6:00 pm it was delivered to my home.
Fantastic!!!
Thank you.
This s a great solution to your last minute purchases that require heavy lifters (and delivery!!!😉) Will be my go-to solution
Scott was wonderful…timely, professional, meticulous, and personable!
When I made my major purchase at home sense I was unsure how I was going to get all the items home. Home sense handed me the card. The app was easy to fill out and the guys were extremely nice and efficient.
Georgio was the most experienced professional and polite technician I’ve ever seen. He was very attentive to details and fast. I will definitely request him again. The overall service provided was great!! Thank you again for being such an awesome customer service team.

R.Brown
Excellent and professional. Next time I need your company. Just pray I get the guys. Thank you again 
Grace Koski
I saw industrial strength shelves at CostCo. I really wanted them for my garage but could never have gotten them home & assembled without help. GoShare was there from the moment of purchase! Perfect delivery & setup in record time. Amazing! Many thanks to Kaiser & Jorge!
Outstanding service at a very reasonable rate. Today I had the opportunity to use Goshare’s service and I was blown away. Goshare provides a top notch service that is both practical and efficient. My move involved Goshare employees James and Shirlette. Both were extremely professional, friendly, and courteous. They truly represent what Goshare is aiming to achieve in providing top notch service at reasonable rates by professional drivers and moving personnel. Kudos Goshare!
Fantastic business. Fast service, an excellent worker, perfect for an older person needing help moving product.
All of the movers have been amazing but the app always charges more than they say cost will be at first and they need to improve communication from app side.
I had a great experience with Go Share.
Beyond amazing!!! The guys were on time and most professional. I recommend GO SHARE!!!
Goshare delivery service is an enormous help to my landscape design business.   It’s like having a personal driver or assistant available to help with pick ups and deliveries.  Especially on planting days, sometimes you just need a few more bags of soil or plants that didn’t make the main delivery truck need to be picked up and brought to the job site. This is time efficient and cost efficient.
As usual my experience was great. Always a pleasure and I love the communication.
Staff very friendly and extremely professional.
This was my first time using this app and it was amazing!!  I bought a sectional sofa at HomeGoods and it was in my home within 2 hours of purchase.  I highly recommend!
first time using it. really helpful
I wanted to share my experience and disappointment with this app. I placed a request a week in advance to move a treadmill. The request was for a pickup and helper. When the driver showed up to the address he stated the treadmill will need to be taken apart. I asked where the helper was and he said he is running late. The helper arrived an hour late. I helped the driver with the disassembly. Once apart I helped the driver with moving the pieces to his truck. Just to point out, I’m still recovering from major ankle surgery. The helper arrived when the last piece was being moved. I stil was needed to help as they were not able to lift the piece. When they arrived with the items to my home I simply said to just use the outside entrance to the basement, place the pieces inside and I will take of the rest. Again, I found myself being needed to help with lifting. The personnel that was tasked with the job knew ahead of time what they were moving. The customer should not be tasked with moving the items. Also I was charged overtime for the incompetence of the moving squad. I was offered a $20 discount. The overtime charge should have been waived due to the circumstances.If I did not help with the lifting I’m sure the charge would have been much higher. Will be using another platform for sure with the next project!
Ron was on time, courteous, and very friendly and professional.   I definitely appreciate this type of situation.  Thanks!  :)
UNK H was professional, on time and very helpful moving our credenza. Would definitely use again!
This is the most convenient service & not to mention the gentleman was professional & friendly. He made it a great experience. I was shopping in Home Goods & had lots to purchase for my daughter's new bedroom. I came across three pieces of large furniture & were not going to fit into my SUV & why bother my husband or son with having to travel 35 mins to go pick it up with their truck. Instead, I saw the GoShare sign in Home Goods & downloaded the app, created an account & the guy was there in no time. It was so great all across the board & I cannot wait to use this service again. I'm telling all of my friends & family about this amazing service!!! Thank you GoShare!!!!!
My first time using Go Share. I’m very pleased with everyone involved in the set up, contact info., updates and delivery today.
Was hesitant to use but so glad I did…great service and will use again.
Nicholas was very helpful in setting up my account. He kept us informed along the way about the timing of our delivery. 
Dan and the other delivery person did an outstanding job at our home. They were very careful and considerate of our home and the dresser. They carried the it into the bedroom, and they placed it where we wanted it. 
I highly recommend GOSHARE! 
Thank you
I was very clear on moving a refrigerator and it’s size. Driver showed up with too small of a truck.
These are not personal issues, but general concerns that should be addressed for all users of the app and service. :

This is the big one:
When making a reservation, pickup was at a location away from mine. So, I changed the address from my current location to the pickup location. Seeing that I missed entering the unit number,  I went back to add unit # to the address. At that point the app defaulted to change the pickup location to my personal physical location miles away from the actual intended pickup location. I almost didn’t see that it changed automatically.  
The app should not change the location that I had entered. The fact that I was in edit mode means that I was handling the addresses - don’t need it to revert to anything.  Perhaps there could be a <use current location> button instead if the intention is for the app o be helpful. Otherwise it’s the opposite of helpful. 

Perhaps the issue could be avoided if the unit number had available an “address line 2” instead of having to be input into the “special notes” or “additional info”  (how ever it’s worded).  My driver didn’t even see that it was in the notes because
 It wasn’t part of the address in the app. 

If I didn’t see that I was reverted, driver would be at the wrong address and would likely cancel, therefor would cost extra, frustrate me and cause delays.

So, there are two things to change that are  critical to this app: 
1.) the app should not default to current location once a different location was already entered to change it from current location; and
2.) An “address line 2” or unit number should be added to the pickup location.

The app has a glitch in the customer support portion (went to to a blank screen a couple times). 

Finally, There is no way to share the app from within the app. I needed to come back to the App Store to share it. Not convenient. If you seriously want us to share your app, then you should make it as easy as possible to do so.  

You alone have the power to make these changes. 
Make it so. It would be magnificent if the developers actually used the apps they develop. Don’t just go through it as if it was the real thing. Actually use the service. That’s how apps become great.
Excellent service - easy, uncomplicated, on time, personable. We have used the service before and would highly recommend.
Great service. Will definitely recommend and use again!
two very nice gentleman came to bring me my cabinet. They were on time and super friendly. they wrapped it up really well to protect it. will use again.
We had a great experience with the Go Share service. The driver and his helper were very professional. They were timely and very polite.
I used this app for the first time today. I received pickup and delivery within 1hr. I will pay for convenience and that’s exactly what i got. The crew was professional, friendly and helpful. I would definitely use again and recommend to others
I was able to book quickly for exact time I needed. Dan was an awesome delivery dude, personable, quick thinking and gracious. I will use this service all the time.
I love being able to but a new price of furniture and not having to worry about hauling it.
I found a beautiful leather sofa but had no way to transport it.  I found GoShare on line and put in the schedule I wanted.  I really didn't expect anyone to be available.  Seconds after I finished, Stephen L. had accepted my job.  I was shocked!  He went out the same evening to pick up my sofa.  Seeing where he was and the progress on line was so reassuring.  Unfortunately, on his way back to my place, the weather decided not to cooperate.  I called him & he was willing to wait until the storm was over or keep my sofa until the morning.  He had excellent communication with me at all times and since the water was ankle high in front of my door, we decided to finish the next morning.  I was so impressed with his service.  It’s rare to find someone who goes the extra mile to make things work.  Stephen L. did that & more.  I will use GoShare in the future and ask for Stephen L. because I trust him with my purchases.
Driver was a little early, came to home, brought inside , was polite and did a very good delivery.
Booked at the last minute, within an hour and a half window. He arrived on time, early actually. Was polite professional and helpful. I highly recommend this app and request Anil if possible.
We had two men from your service pick up and deliver our furniture from the store.  They were on time and very professional!  We will use your service again!
This was my first time using this app and it was so simple. I was able to upload all the items that I needed moved including pictures. The guys who showed up to help me move were so friendly and fast.I didn’t have much to move but didn’t have a truck and some items were heavy for me. I will definitely be using this app again.
I’ve used quite a few moving service apps and other loading and unloading businesses in the past and most of them were a complete let down. When I stumbled upon GoShare, I had my doubts that this was going to be any different. But today, I was proven wrong. This is overall the BEST moving service app that I’ve ever used! The move was quick, easy and most importantly, the movers showed up ON TIME. This app gots my #1 recommendation for a simple, and easy on the bank, moving service.
This is the second time I’ve used GoShare to move large purchased items the same day. The App is very intuitive and easy to use. The professional service I received exceeded my expectations both times.
We are grateful for the help!
Great app very glad I found it and was very easy to use. Driver showed up on time and was polite and a hard worker. Highly recommend
I would highly recommend this company. Driver and helper we’re on time and very friendly.
I just needed two people for one location and I had to pay as if it was a vehicle needed and add a second location as well.  It wasn’t fair to the workers or myself.
Richard was great.
Usama delivered our outdoor furniture in incredible time—I had barely returned home when he called to say he was ten minutes away. He was organized, respectful, and diligent.  He carefully carried each piece and even helped me place them once on our deck! Because of his work and personality , I will definitely use this service again.
It’s really great there is a service like this since some places don’t deliver. As long as the driver and helpers show up, it’s great. Today went smooth because of the two men who joined the job. Customer service is great too!
This was a simple process and received very quickly. Makes buying a product very simple.

Great Service lndroa1
I’m so excited! I can buy anything, anywhere any size now, and have it picked up and delivered that day! This app is brilliant! You will love it!
I like the company
This is a fantastic service! Was at Costco and had no way to get the couch I purchased home or down into the basement. It was so easy to schedule people to help with this delivery. It went very smooth!
I learnt GoShare app from Costco. I am a long time Costco member and always trust Costco’s selection. Today for the first time, I used GoShare to move a few pieces of bedroom furniture. First the driver arrived 30 min later than the scheduled appointment time and then it took him 45 min longer than the estimated time by Apple app. Overall the experience is below my expectations.
Fantastic. Before I blinked my eyes! Thanks.
The ease of this app and the friendliest of my movers left me very satisfied. 5 Star! They communicated well, worked hard and cared for my things as their own. I was VERY pleased…until I got my bill. GoShares practice is to CHARGE you a hold, only to charge you again for the movers individually and eventually return the hold in due time. Therefore, you would need to insure you have double the quoted estimate before booking. How that makes sense, not sure.
Every step of the process is comunicated prmptly with  alerts . Very nice .
Dorsey was on his first delivery and was positive, professional and excellent as a driver/delivery lead. He had blankets and the proper gear for the job. Additionally, zack was a great helper!  Well done!!!
What a great service! Was impressed by the people who showed up to do the job. Would definitely use again
These guys were amazing! Thanks much!
Very professional , on time and very helpful. I would recommend them to everyone.
I bought my book case from Home Sense. I needed a way to get it home and they offered this delivery service that could get it to me the same day. I didn’t know it existed and I’m glad it does because now when I get things from Home Sense. Home Goods or others I can hire them and know I can receive the item the same day.
Great concept with very reasonable cost for those times the large items you want to transfer and don't want to impose on your friends or contract a moving company. 

Very reasonable, fast & easy.
It was easy to download the app and designated locations. But I had no clue about choosing truck size or several moving equipments. 
I called GoShare and was recommended a cargo van for my items. They were outsized the cargo van. The two men that picked up my project were great. They made the delivery a successful one.
Yes, I will use the service again.
I appreciate the care and professionalism from the customer service to drivers. I will share my experience along about your service. Thank you
These people tricked me into paying much more than I would normally have for furniture delivery only for them to dump it at my home without assembly. When I asked for them to assemble it, they claim order was completed  and shut off our chat group. They have no number to call. If you’re a single mum or someone in need of real assistance, please be careful, once they take the money, you have no way of ensuring you get what you paid for. Please be careful!!!
First time using this app. Purchased a couch that needed delivery from Home Goods, the gentleman who coordinated with the store,  delivered our couch 100% as we bought.  They were professional and Covid safe wearing their masks and booties! We were very happy would definitely recommend this service to anyone.
This app was easy to use and the moved worked out well.
The total price was nearly double the  originally estimate. Not sure who is at fault, GoShare or the driver but the driver had to make two trips instead of 1 because he had a camper top on his truck. I feel like that should have been taken into consideration before he accepted the job. I was not happy with the total price of delivery but appreciate the convenience of the service.
This is my first time using Go Share. I love everything about this experience. The guys were knowledgeable, experienced, efficient, and did an excellent job delivering my bed and assembling it. I’m so pleased! Thank you!
It was my first experience with you guys and wasn’t good at all and I will never use it again and not offer to anyone else. Not good communication and not good customer service and charging unfairly
Previously had trouble moving furniture. This app broke the barrier for me. I was able to hire a professional who showed up immediately to the store , transported my heavy piece of furniture to my house , carried it swiftly and finished the job earlier than expected. Would recommend & use again for sure.
The drivers finished the projects and followed instructions very well.  I was very impressed and happy with their service. However, a leg on the sofa was broken. I was not watching the unloading and had no evidence if the leg was broken in the box or by the drivers.  Other than that the drivers are good and helpful.
Driver didn’t show and helper did. Helper used his truck but I had to help. Don’t recommend this company because no one to talk to but did give 11% discount after 3 emails.
In less than two hours, I was able to select and purchase my large item from Costco, contact GoShare to arrange pick-up and delivery, receive a confirmation call from the delivery pro, and next thing I knew, they were already at my house delivering my item.  Excellent, personalized service from Pauline at GoShare, and friendly, professional service from Vincent and his delivery team member.  Thank you, GoShare!
Edwardo was exceptional. Nothing he couldn’t do or solve. And his communication skills are excellent.
This is the second time I have used this service and both times I have been IMPRESSES at how efficient and professional the contractors have provided service! 

Both times I was able to get the time slot I needed without hassle and the work was done beyond my expectations. The drivers contacted me before pickup, enroute to me, and were professional and fast once they arrived with the cargo. The prices are fantastic for the convenience as well!
I needed a piece of furniture delivered that I purchased on a marketplace. This app was easy to use, gave me a quote immediately, and I was able to schedule for the next day. Alexandr and Jose were on time and made the process easy. 5 stars for this entire experience. Will definitely recommend.
I posted a job on a Sunday hoping to get a driver and a helper on a Tuesday.  The helper committed but I couldn’t find a driver, so I canceled the job Monday evening.  The job disappeared from my list.

Tuesday morning I got a notification that the helper had arrived.  I called him to apologize, saying I had no idea what happened.

I contacted customer service and Beatriz insisted I did not cancel the job.  She later said I had to cancel the driver and helper separately (which isn’t possible in the app - you cancel the _project_).  I asked her how to do that and she went “your job is already canceled.”

Not a good first (and last) experience for me and I won’t be using this app again.  I hired a mover easily through Yelp.
He was great but the second man was a no show so I want a credit

Your company is hard to deal with.  You can’t get in touch with support.
I had to ask a neighbor to help Eric deliver my glass table with drawers
This was my first experience w GoShare and I loved it. I don’t have a truck and made a lady minute purchase of a large chair.  I was able to get confirmation of a pickup within 10 minutes of setting up my account.  The delivery was quick and the guys were great. Very professional and knew what they were doing. I have a narrow entrance and staircase. Very satisfied and will use GoShare again!!
Service was great. Billing is my issues never w saw a hold mentioned and the way its done almost seems like they are taking more. Besides that good service
Amazing
My first experience was positive!
Great communication and customer service!!
I typed Uber for home delivery and GoShare popped up in the search results. When a Costco rep gave me their card, I knew all was good. The app made things seamless and transparent.
Thank you
The company responded to my request a short while after it was submitted. Two gentlemen contacted me from the store when they picked up my entertainment unit, brought it in the rain into my house quickly, carefully, and made sure to dry the top. They were incredibly careful and very respectful of my home. They took shoes off at the front door without me having to ask and carefully brought the unit into my basement. They made sure everything was set up correctly and other furniture moved away from the area and were a pleasure to deal with. They insisted that it had to be right before leaving. I was completely overwhelmed by their assistance having dealt with another company a month ago that was horrible.  I was overwhelmed by their professionalism , their consideration to make sure everything was to my satisfaction, and when people might give a  rating of “good” I think these two gentlemen were “outstanding”!
 I would never hesitate to have this delivery service again if I make another purchase at Home Goods.
I was referred to the GoShare app by the asst manager at our local HomeSense store to arrange delivery of two large living room chairs. The app is simple to use and we confirmed a next day delivery within minutes of setting up the app. My only complaint is the pricing - which was on the high side for the delivery of only two chairs in my opinion. However, timing was more important than money in this instance so I can’t complain too much. If I wasn’t under time pressure, it would have been less than half the price to simply rent a Home Depot truck for a couple of hours and do the delivery myself with a friend. I guess the old adage of “You pay for convenience” is certainly true for GoShare.
I was that guy in the TV commercial who bought a piece of furniture without measuring my car first and found myself in the parking lot, standing in the rain with a box sticking halfway out of my hatchback. AppStore to the rescue!
I had an account set up and a delivery scheduled in about 20 minutes. Even got a phone call from customer service to make sure I had everything I needed. 
Thank goodness these kinds of services exist!  Gig economy for the win!
I downloaded the app to get a TV moved. I was then told it may take longer than expected about over an hour. That was fine since it was Saturday and later at night. I was then told I need to send a picture of my ID to prove it was my credit card on file. After I was told to do that I was uncomfortable with doing so, so I canceled my order. I was told I was going to charged a cancellation fee even though it had been pending for 30 min and they told me it would be much later until someone could except it. So I got charged for nothing, and then I was told I was also being charged a booking fee which was $100?!?! They’re comfortable with charging me fees but not paying for their service without a copy of my ID. Stay away from this service at all cost.
The apps doesn’t work very good
GoShare charged me a cancellation fee even though I cancelled within noted 60 minutes.  The terms of service does not state a 24 hour period.  They don’t abide by their own terms of service.
 
in the terms of service its notes:
1.     Payment. Unless otherwise agreed, GoShare accepts credit cards through our third party payment processor. Base Fees are due immediately following the applicable Delivery Professional’s confirmation of completion of your Project. If you cancel your Project, then GoShare will charge you $10 per Delivery Professional if the project start time is more than 60 minutes away. The fee will be $20 per Delivery Professional if the time of cancellation is 60 minutes or less from the project start time. ALL BASE FEES AND CANCELLATION FEES ARE NON-REFUNDABLE.

 
“you opened a request on 09/25/2021 at 1:43PM. When you canceled the project there was already a delivery professional that accepted it, that's where the cancelation fee came from.
 
Cancellations are charged if you cancel within 24 hours before the booking time. These fees compensate drivers for their gas, time, and lost income from the booked time in their schedule. All fees are non-refundable.
 
Yes, you canceled at 3:08 and had a pick-up listed originally at 2:30, which got pushed back per your flexibility twice to 4:30. Per the terms of service which you have copied, the fee stands.”
Awesome app. Will use over and over again. I always recommend this to everyone.
Easy to navigate the app and the employees are extremely friendly and efficient. 100 % happy with my delivery.
Moved some furniture from NJ to Manhattan. Both the driver and helper (separate contractor) showed up on time and communicated well. As you know parking a truck on tight city streets is not easy but they made it seemless and easy. 

Thank you GoShare!
Your application is very helpful in getting in touch with reliable and respectful movers. I will recommend this service to anyone. 
Thank you
easy & reliable service. I am happy to goshare.
I used GoShare to assist me in moving a large, new sectional sofa from Manhattan to Brooklyn!  Scheduled and got next day service for an affordable price- awesome!  The helper arrived on-time and even came with moving supplies in case, and driver was 30 minutes late; but communicated throughout. Both workers were easy to reach by phone multiple times. The driver came ready with his cargo truck; and loaded/unloaded/handled my couches carefully- very professional with mover blankets and wrapping- I was impressed! Customer service was easy to contact through the app- I had the same representative for two days so she was able to assist me and answer all of my questions!  The whole service and all the moving parts of many people involved was smooth! I am so happy, thank you!
Had our furniture the next day. Efficient and very good on communication.
Would use them again.

Tom R
I was hoping to get a pick up the same day but I had to wait the next day but the driver and helpers were great
The movers are amazingly professional and friendly but the s
If you don’t want an app to store your credit card information - this is not the app for you. The service was fine.  

Post Op - After a few days and several correspondences later, the app owner did take my credit card information off for me. I still wish the app offered the customer the option to choose whether or not the customer wants the app to store their credit card when the customer is inputting that information - just like many other retail apps.
This is the second time that I have used GoShare. In both occasions I wanted someone to pick up an order within 30 minutes.  Super easy transaction and very reasonably priced
Waited 45 min last night but couldn’t get a driver. Then,  a driver accepted pickup for 10am this morning. Driver never showed up. Waited 45 minutes at the store and left voicemails for the driver before leaving. Total waste of time. Still didn’t get connected to a driver hours later so I just cancelled. Wish I used another app last night and got my delivery sooner without wasting so much time.
I need to have someone can assemble a gazebo I purchased at Costco. 

Thank you
Very useful and got the job done.  It would be helpful as a user to open up the app to current jobs or to my profile. Every time I opened the app for a status update, I had to click through a few pages and away from starting a “new project” to get to the open projec.
I am 10000% satisfied with this company they are amazing. They work with you and there team is awesome Definitely will be using them again!!!
Love this app!  It worked perfectly on the first try !!!
I needed to move my washer and dryer today, people I arranged to do the job canceled. GoShare found 2 great guys to get the job done with short notice. Very happy customer. Cost was very reasonable.
Both men were on time , friendly and efficient. Great experience.
Easy to use to set up delivery.  Very quick response and delivery time.  Happy that someone has gotten it right in customer satisfaction. Will highly recommend service.
The app quoted me $160 to have a loveseat taken off my truck and put another couch on, about 10 minutes of work. 

In their effort for it to quote the job, they don’t have a way to just get someone to help load/unload. 

Total disappointment. Was counting on using them to unload and reload my truck.
He
Searched via google how to get a desk moved.  Needed a pickup truck!  It was so easy and reasonably priced!  The 2 guys were great and professional!  Moved 110 year old desk and they were so worried about it not getting damaged in the move!  It was perfect and I would use them again in a heartbeat!  Great service!
I will definitely be keeping this app. My delivery experience was great! Brian and his helper were so helpful and experienced, I couldn’t be happier! 
I’ve already shared with family and friends.
I felt confident using the GoShare service as they checked all the boxes by providing insurance and background checks as well as many delivery options.
Many thanks, Liz
I had to move a hand full of items and this was the perfect way to do that. It was timely and reasonably priced. I will absolutely use GoShare again.
Who knew…???!!! We certainly did not know that these services were available to us.  The GoShare app is one that will be using for future pick-ups, loading, unloading and installing!!!
I was in a panic for my Memorial Day Picnic! Jack to the rescue. He arrived on time, helped me place my furniture and was so kind and polite. Outstanding service and done with no worries. Thank you for this service, and mostly for Jack!😊🇺🇸👍🇺🇸
My total online payment was $75.86
When I checked my bank statement $100.00 is what this company charged my account. I don’t like hidden fee’s or adding fee’s after I agree to an amount. I choose 1 truck. 1 mover. I was within the time and travel distance allowed.  I feel taken advantage of. My driver was PERFECT, courteous and polite. I will rate him 10 STARS!
SHERWIN D, the delivery professional for GoShare was OUTSTANDING.  His communication was great.  His attention to detail in moving and loading the 2 pieces of furniture was great and he took extra precautions that furniture was secure for a safe delivery with no damage.  SHERWIN D was very conscientious with all aspects of my delivery project.  I would highly recommend and use again.
My experience with GoShare is alway exceptional. Farooq was fabulous today. Thank you for making my customers delivery. I was in danger of losing this customer over an error in scheduling, GoShare to the rescue. What a day, and it ended in success thanks to you!!!!!
Although they weren’t available for my first requested date it was fine because i was flexible. The guys arrived when scheduled and picked up my merchandise at HomeGoods then delivered it to me. They couldn’t have been nicer. I could track the process on my phone and got alerts along the way.
This is one of the best apps 
Very reliable, on time. 
The app is also user friendly 
Thank you for the great job.
This app is a great help when buying huge things from Costco. The only down side it’s, that the app wouldn’t recognize the type of furniture I purchased and people weren’t taking the job because they were afraid of it being too big for their trucks... I had to send pictures so people will see it. Also, it would be great to see the receipt on the app.
I requested a driver plus an added helper since furniture piece involved was heavy.  No one was available so I rescheduled for the next day. Helper showed up after pickup was rescheduled.  A few minutes before rescheduled pick-up time, I was contacted by GoShare to tell me no helper was available and asked if I could go across town with 17 minutes notice to help driver. It would take 35 minutes for me to drive to the pick-up location on a good day so I, the customer, was left trying to locate a helper at both the pick-up and drop off point. I’m a 60-year old female, which is why I ordered the helper to begin with. This process was not seamless and a bit chaotic. The driver was awesome and timely, but the process was not good for me.
The worth company ever....
Aftershocks frustration day I try again, and I’m admitted that everything were smooth, and the carrier was courteous and polite . I was very happy with the service and not doubt I will used again.
Hello! I love the app. It is very well put together and no glitches. The interface is intuitive and the tracking is impressive. Keep to with the good work!
I bought a bunk bed at 3pm and Farooq delivered it by 4:45pm. GoShare is an awesome service! Their app is user friendly too! I will for sure use this service again and share with my friends.
We loved Go Share. All the people we talked to were extremely courteous and professional. Our project was very reasonably priced. He was here when he said he would be snd took care of everything we asked. I thoroughly recommend Go Share!
I’m recommending GoShare to all my friends this is an excellent app and drivers and mayors are quality people.
Hilary arrived with furniture pads, tie down straps and a smile to help me move a sectional sofa. Would definitely use again!
Driver dropped delivery at the last minute with no warning. The company has good customer service and I was refunded money but left with large package and no way to get it home. Just be aware the delivery drivers are contracted and you could be left in the lurch. Might be better to make other arrangements.
I would definitely choose him again!
The Uber of home deliveries, awesome service and affordable!
Purchased a patio set at HomeSense. Given instructions to download GoShare App for delivery.  Very easy to arrange a delivery. We have our set within 3 hours of purchas. Lamar who delivered the set was quite personable, professional & efficient . Definitely would use again.
The best service
The app is very easy to use. Was able to find two professionals for a quick move. I was charged far less for this service than I was quoted at other moving companies. For the price of moving 10 medium boxes and a mattress from Brooklyn to Queens, someone quoted me $645. Was so glad to find this app and will use it again for future moves. Highly recommend!
This service is awesome. Moved wheels from one location to next super quick and easy. Only thing I would recommend is to add an option for just delivering a letter/envelope for the courier option.-
Very pleased for each of my tasks.  The folks are friendly and helpful and work hard.

Much appreciated!!
!!!My movers Chris and KoukaWe’re excellent efficient on time friendly I did a great job
I just want to shout out Dave Robinson! He was amazing! Respectfully, care-full and a nice person! Wishing him the best in life! Thanks again, 
Carmela
After waiting for 2 hours for someone to accept the job. No one did. For the money that they charge you are better off ordering online.
Jose was where he said he’d be at the time set. Very helpful and great service. I would use this service again...it’s like Uber for deliveries.
Cool little service to get things delivered. First time using the service but my delivery guy was great! Will use again
Was unaware of this service until suggested by Costco for pickup.  Some difficulty adding payment info on app but customer service was excellent in resolving and also excellent in following up.  Driver did a great job navigating a somewhat complicated pickup and was very communicative, polite and efficient. Driver and helper arrived early and got job done quickly. The price was very reasonable.  Definitely will use service again. I recommend it very highly.
The service was great and I will be sure to use again. I will also recommend to others
Brian is professional, will recommend your company! Good job 👍
We scheduled a move for a Peloton exercise bike and 5 Boxes from Manhattan to Long Island. I booked this ~ 2weeks prior to the move. I was notified via the app that my one driver  and one helper were both confirmed. Out of an abundance of caution I reached out to the Driver 5 days prior to the scheduled pick up and found him to be pleasant and well informed. I reviewed the fact that the Peoloton would require two people as it will need to be taken up one flight of stairs and is very heavy. He confirmed that he understood. On the day of pickup I also texted the driver and got a friendly “ see you there”.  One hour prior to the scheduled pick up I received a call from Go Share customer support that they “can’t find a helper” and could the driver manage alone? I reminded them that the order is clearly visible to them and that it is impossible for any one Person to make the move. After many escalations and back and forth they asked to create a new  project and hope that a pickup could be arranged by 4pm that day. I had a larger move scheduled the next day so I had no flexibility. Meanwhile the original driver is texting me from downstairs a bit u certain of what he is supposed to do.  The experience overall was so stressful I would never do it again. This team has a long way to go to ensure that the coordination, communication and support measures in place really work to make it a reliable “small move” company. Of note the driver and helper who did end up coming were kind and hard working. The issue seems to be more structural and administrative. As of 7:30pm I am still waiting for a call from a manager that I was assured would
Happen.
Excellent service! the driver very helpful & good person. come in time & delivered my stuff .really recommend this company.
It’s my first experience with you. I liked it but it’s a bit pricey.
Just had a couch delivered and it was a flawless experience!
What a great service! Easy, quick and the service was impeccable. Will use again
Paul was professional and friendly. He was prompt. I would use your services again and recommend you to others. Thank you.
This is a much needed service. Super quick delivery and five-star professional staff.
I just discovered this, and it’s wonderful. However, the GPS feature had the wrong pickup address, which I didn’t double check. There should also be a feature like Uber has where you can see where your cargo is. But will definitely use again.
This was amazing experience never even knew this existed would have done this long ago.  Guys were prompt quick and so courteous and professional! Definitely will use GO Share again! Thank you!
Great experience so far
First time using GoShare and didn’t disappoint! Very happy with the service and the two gentlemen that came by to deliver our piece of furniture were professional and careful with the furniture. Will definitely use the service again.  They plastic wrapped our furniture- this is a plus! Apparently, not all helpers do this.  Impressive! Happy customer!
Using, Go shareHas been a great experience my second time around. Thank you so much
I was at Costco today to buy a sofa but didn’t know how to get it delivered to my parents’ house. Costco informed me about Go Share and I was surprised they were able to come in one hour to pick it up. It’s like using a Uber. I could see the information about the driver and helper once they accepted. I am very happy and will use this service again soon.
I’m greatful that your company was able to provide someone to pick up and take very heavy boxes containing the sofa and loveseat. It was furniture that I had wanted for a long time. I just happened to be in the store on Jan 8th and was surprised to see that the color, size and especially the recliner was an added feature. But I didn’t know what to do when I was told that Costco doesn’t deliver. Your business card was given to me by an employee. 

Don returned my call and explained what I needed to do. The following day I was contacted by Baron and was relieved when he arrived. He wasn’t able to bring a helper but the store employees assisted . Baron was absolutely great and I was a very happy customer. I will definitely have no problem referring anyone to GoShare.Com.  

Thank you!!!
I’ve used this app over ~2 years, and I think it’s time to move on. There are some decent movers on GoShare — but, for every good one there’s someone who’s 30-90 minutes late and is physically not equipped to move things.
+ More and more, my appointments are canceled. 

And the real kicker? You can’t delete your account. I have yet to find a way to delete my account or credit card from GoShare’s database.
I can’t be more happier about this service 
They re friendly  and professional workers
Excellent Service
Like uber for cargo vans and trucks, GoShare makes it easy to to move anything from pallets to paintings to couches to TVs. 

At this point I have used GoShare many times. It is a straight forward and stress free experience every time.
Helpful guy who was great with communication over the phone. Thanks!
I would highly recommend this company. It was easy to use and very reliable. The drivers and helpers are extremely courteous and professional. I will definitely use this service again. I certainly will let family and friends know about this excellent company and their great customer service.
The pick up and delivery and the two guy whom came were very nice. 
The part that was SO difficult, at least for me, was checking the little boxes to prove I guess you’re not a robot. I must done this, no exaggeration, at least 15 times. My salesman was also trying to no avail. Somehow it finally worked. BUT, I had to do this again when I entered my credit card info. Again 15 times. If I wasn’t standing in Costco with my new 75” TV I wouldn’t have finished with the app. Now that I’m in this app is a pretty good app to have for moving big stuff.
I’ve used them twice now and I always recommend Go share to friends that are moving. I’ve heard horror stories of movers not turning up or turning up 2hrs late because there is no accountability for bad service. With GoShare the drivers and movies are reviewed so they arrive on time and do the best job.

 I usually found other friends that didn’t use GoShare over paid for a truck that was maybe too big or tried to move themselves and didn’t have the right equipment.
First time user of GoShare.  Easy to use and I love the real-time updates.
Stephone was absolutely delightful! Very professional and easy to work with! On-time delivery service! He is a treasure for your company to have.
Excellent service very professional
Professional, courteous and reliable!
The app is easy to navigate and customer service are paying rapt attention to your needs and find the best possible ways to help with your project. 
It’s a 10/10 for me even though they’re not wide spread across the states but I see them growing with services this quality.
First time experience with them. They were right on the ball.  Customer service very helpful in making things work well and took care of my concerns.  They were right on time. Good estimate for time n travel.   Very happy n would highly recommend both company app n moving team
Your man were very professional, but little over priced!  Thank you
Best company ever!!! It’s like a taxi for your appliances, best part... fast and arround 35% - 55% cheaper than other companies. Recommended
Used them to get furniture from Homegoods delivered. It’s rideshare for furniture!
First time using this service and was very satisfied
Yes I can do almost anything. But for woman without a truck this service completes me!
So happy to a found this service! Great idea and way to connect people needing items moved with people with trucks. I’ll be using it a lot!!
Thank you
Excellent communication! Excellent service!
It’s cheaper than dolly but trust me on this not worth it I have to wait to get my refund free week due to the fact that my driver showed up Tony half hours late and then I was told by a woman named Brandy that there’s a big mystery three hour window look at the fine print this place is horrible
What an easy to use, great service.  Deliveries are accepted like Uber and your items can be delivered next day on time by courteous professionals
All went well. Thanks.
I have been looking for a convenient transportation method for sone bulky furniture. I was quiet nervous to see some of the negative feedback on the review site but at last decided to give it a try. It turned out my first experience was pretty positive. No hiccup, the delivery gentleman Anthony seemed having quite experience moving my heavy sofa and the whole process was smooth. I will use GoShare again.
At the recommendation of Costco or use GoShare. The driver and helper were professional and took care of moving into my home. I recommend this service to anybody.
I love this app!! I am a treasure hunter and am constantly finding amazing finds that don’t fit in my car abs now I can get them home same day with this app! The people that I have worked with were super professional and happy to be doing the job! What a treat!! The app makes great a match  because of the ease of inputting the information of what I need to move with the correct mover, size is truck and how long it will take!! Great just awesome!!!
I needed help the next day with a pick up and drop off and got it. The man was extremely careful with the item, was very prompt on time, and very respectful. I will use them again and hope all are are good as today’s.Price was very. Fair!
Quoted a price to move a refridgerator. Waited for a driver but then noticed the order got caNcelled. I reordered and it got cancelled again. I want to the customer service in the app and They told me I had to buy a bigger truck option  and lift gate which was 300 dollars more. My fridge would have fit in original option. However this service wanted to charge me more. I don’t need a 28ft truck to move a refrigerator. 1/2 a star
I downloaded the app at Costco, where I had just bought a sofa that needed pickup within 24 hrs. I had the job booked before I left the parking lot. Kharim phoned me when he & his helper arrived at Costco to pick up the sofa & again when they pulled up to my house. They were courteous & professional, they got the job done quickly, & even removed the sofa from its packing box to get it in the front door. I am thrilled to know that any future needs can be met so quickly & securely by using GoShare!
Highly recommended.
LOVE this app!! Qualified professionals and extremely reliable!!
I enjoy finding a good bargain online. But my small SUV can rarely fit large items. This service was right on time. I ordered something large online and within an hour, it was picked up and delivered to my home for an affordable price. I highly recommend.
Very professional, very helpful, courteous and  kept good clear communication about the status of the deliver.
So glad I found out about GoShare. 
I definitely will be using in future. 
This has worked out better for me  than the delivery from HD and Lowe’s .
This service is truly amazing. We were out of town attending a wedding and the bride needed someone last minute to pick up and deliver an item within the next 2 hours since her wedding was taking place.  I remember hearing about the service and how useful it was. If I would’ve went out and tried to pick up the item myself and rent a truck, I would’ve missed the wedding.I’ll put in a request a few hours before the wedding, and they made it happen!  The bride was in tears trying to figure out how to delivery this item.  We are still amazed at how fast they responded.

I highly recommend this service!
I can’t say enough about how wonderful the delivery service was. They called me early in the day to see if the time was still okay. They had my order, delivered it and were gone in twenty minutes! Great service!
In theory this is a great idea. Especially if you don’t have a SUV.   I’ve attempted to use the app 5 separate times now and yet to have my order accepted by a driver.  

If the math doesn’t work for the drivers I’d be willing to pay more but there isn’t an option for that.  It’s also hard to plan when orders are just sitting pending without any communication.     There’s also no way to put in a range of times if you’re flexible, which may help orders to be accepted.
My first time using the app and service today. It was quick and easy to download. Driver was prompt to the pickup address. Everything went smooth sailing and quick. I will definitely use go share again. My first time was a great experience. Thanks!
Professional service provided.
She is terrific!
I used the app for the first time to deliver a sleeper sofa I bought from Costco to my mom’s home. Driver arrived on time as scheduled in the app and took care of it.
App very friendly to use.
I recommend it.
This service came through same day and delivered the item to my door. Delivery professional was kind and efficient. Really appreciate the job well done!
I’m so impressed!
I found a great deal and the retailer doesn’t deliver so I needed help in a hurry. It was a 60” vanity and I live on the second floor so there’s no way I could get it home without help. 
The delivery men pulled it off and were so kind, helpful & careful. I was going to take the packaging to the trash but they insisted on doing it for me.  
The price was reasonable and I was charged what I was quoted.
Fast, friendly, helpful.
Thanks so much!
It was okay. Got the job done. I’ve used more efficient delivery services but it was okay.
After the move was arranged with the app and driver, somebody from go share texted me saying I would need an additional $35 in equipment. In the item description I made it very clear I would be providing that equipment.  Then they made me send a photo of my ID via unencrypted email. None of this was through the app or indicated by the app as necessary. I provided my ID like they asked and they canceled my move anyway. They lost my business. Driver will be getting paid cash.
The response time was fast and great communication.  Thank you!
Just wanted to say everything went great ZB got to home quickly and ready to deliver! Emailing back & forth was a little crazy for me I like to talk to a live person .  But, all and all I’m very please and I would use them again.

Deborah
Driver showed up early and ready to load our items into his truck. He was very courteous and eager to get to work. Quick load and unload done very smoothly and with care.  Driver was friendly and very efficient. Would highly recommend!!
Bernard was great. On time, pleasant, quick.
Requested two guys with a Truck to help move a piece of furniture. I assumed between the 3 of us we could move it as it was heavy. Well I got one driver with a truck. The driver told me that happens all the time and they want him to get me to help. I already planned on it. Needless to say I found a neighbor to come help as well and was still charged for the second guy they didn’t want to send. These guys are crooks and need to be investigated for fraud.
Great service to use if you need delivery. Very fast and convenient.
Matt was awesome!
I would definitely recommend this Service. My delivery Tech was Fantastic. Thank you Alberto!
I am a frustrated customer of GoShare.  On June 6th, I needed a queen bed picked up.  I downloaded the GoShare app, entered my request, and within minutes my project was confirmed and paid for... Great experience so far.... And then the nightmare started.  My GoShare driver was involved in an accident that destroyed my bed... After 30+ email exchanges, a corporate call, 5 chats, I still do not have a bed or a refund.  But the best part is the response “your claim is being reviewed by upper management”.  My advice...hope that your items are not damaged when you use this service.
Just moved from New Jersey to AZ an purchased a 75” TV from Costco.  Had no way to transport home. Literally saw app in store, downloaded same and Micheal was there in 25 minutes.  Amazing. On less headache.  Barry B.
We needed a dresser picked up from a store and delivered to our house and Michael was extremely efficient and helpful!
We would recommend this company to anyone who needs some thing moved and does not have access to a truck. Very affordable! Totally worth it.
Efficient friendly movers, easy to work with 
On time, wore masks 
wow what a great service right now
I am a very dissatisfied customer!!!!!

I purchased a chest freezer from Costco. The Costco staff informed me about a delivery service (3rd party) called GoShare. I created an account, arranged for a pickup and delivery of my freezer.  I was quoted $54.95 for my delivery.  The CRAZY thing is that I did not authorize GoShare to hold anything from my bank account nor was I previously informed.  I have 2 transactions on my account... one for $100 and the other for $54.95.  Then they have the nerve to have these funds being held until Tuesday!  When a person does not agree to a hold on their bank account, or been advised of a hold on their account being put on their bank account, that can be considered as FRAUD.  

I have made 3 attempts to reach customer service via email, but they haven’t responded to me at all.  I will NEVER use this service again!!!!!

However, on a good note, the delivery driver was awesome.
I needed a way to get some furniture items home from Costco.  Used the app and had the items at my house within a short time on the same afternoon.  Great service!!!
Just a
First time using the service.  Worked great.  Note that pickup can be delayed based on prior job.  My driver called and updated me but was not reflected in the app
Van for move arrived with 3 passenger seats taking up space needed for my furniture. Driver had no moving blankets to protect my furniture. He also lacked sufficient tie downs. 

Driver and helper were nice but it took extra time to get everything loaded because of the limited space and I had to pay for the extra time. 

Fortunately my furniture was already wrapped and I had an extra moving blanket. 
All arrived in good condition.
First time user. David & Dylan were timely and just great !
Great service on the move 
Very professional
Great idea for an app, a huge help to just get’r delivered or moved!
Items delivered the same day right on the schedule time.
Costco suggested downloading the GoShare app to find a delivery service to help with my purchased Costco living room furniture.

It was very intuitive and easy to select what I wanted and pay by credit card.

The two young men, Michael and Trey were very polite, professional, and carefully delivered, unpacked, and set up my reclining furniture.

I will definitely use GoShare in the future.
Stanley Mowre
I wish the app included a map option to show the driver’s location during delivery.
Great experience with a nice driver mover exceeded all expectations.
From the moment Costco told me about Goshare till the box was loaded, 15 minutes. 
Antonio was good and fine guy
First experience - Best Experience!
- Professional 
- on time
- strong
- cordial 
- accommodating
I will use this Sevice again and again !
As a business owner, I have used GoShare a couple of times now. Their service has really gotten me out of a jamb both times! The drivers have been prompt and courteous, and the cost is fair and reasonable. It would have cost me more $ to send one of my own employees to deliver the time sensitive materials that I needed delivered, than it did to use the GoShare service. The technology is pretty incredible and easy to use, and you can follow the entire transaction from pickup to delivery. I highly recommend GoShare, and will continue to use their services as the need arises.
M Pep
Atlanta, GA
I learned about this app googling and trying to figure out how to get my new appliances and household items delivered without having to pay over $2,000 in fees through a trucking company.  My items were 5 hours away and this app saved me $1,400 with tip and the service was excellent!!  Would use again!
The App doesn’t even Work!
Super easy, enter addresses to/from and time, and items, and within 5 minutes receive a bid.
Adam was in contact when he was on his way to pickup my new purchase. He delivered  and set up my table and chairs.  He was very patient and professional. I will recommend GoShare to all my friends.
I like GoShare and would definitely use them again. I’ve already recommended to my sister.
Ordered truck, extra helper and an appliance dolly to transport a French door refrigerator. 2 guys showed up on time and loaded the frige in a covered Ram 1500. It was not tall enough so the frige stayed on the dolly at an angle. I was not at the receiving end to inspect, but was originally told it arrived ok, so I gave them 5 star ratings. Later I learned the side of the frige was scratched in the transport. I noticed that the dolly/hand truck was smaller than a regular appliance size dolly (which I thought I had paid for). Also, I don’t believe it had anything to protect the metal from the appliance, thus the scratching. It was in excellent condition before this trip. I have seen pics of the scratches and they will have to be painted over. Had it not been for this damage I would highly recommend them. They should have used a professionally sized appliance dolly, like the one that delivered my new frige. This frige went to a friend and now I will try to cover up the ugly scratching as best I can. I can only recommend this service for items that are already worn or scratched.
So ArtVan canceled delivery and left me in the lurch, so started googling delivery services and found GoShare. Put in info for an estimate ($10 more than ArtVan charged me- so knew it was in the ballpark) so I submitted request. Almost immediately my job got picked up. I called Corey who was assigned to me just to see if he needed any more info to get my order from distribution center. He asked me to text my invoice, and he was able to get my order no problem. Getting it in my house however, turned out to be quite a challenge! We had to take off doors, try several different angles, but they were pro’s and got it in!! I was very impressed with them and tipped their excellent service. The only surprise was that the job took quite a bit longer than original estimate, but with a good reason. I didn’t realize I had to finish the transaction online afterwards. I thought it got charged automatically. 

I would definitely use GoShare again!!!
Everything is simple and easy to use, the workers are kind and friendly and the prices won’t break the bank!
I had a little problem with the first GoShare driver but their customer care team was incredibly helpful. They located another driver immediately. I appreciate their help and understanding. Highly recommend them.! In comparison to other apps, they have more availability for pick ups and prices are fair too.
Great experience felt they were a little too pricey but got the job done in under an hour with very little hustle. Great app
Manuel A. and Leo B. are the best. They are a credit to your company. This is the first time I used your app. I will highly recommend you to my friends and family. Thank you for making this as easy as possible for me to enjoy my new patio furniture. I am e extremely impressed.
We used GoShare to move three large items into a 4th floor apt. The app was easy to use and client services chat helped where I needed support. The driver was wonderful. He contacted us to introduce himself and confirm the pick up and delivery addresses. He was right on time, very courteous, and really aimed to please.   This service a a very good value. Thank you!
Professional, kind and efficient and time availability was unbelievable and so do convenient
Had a couch delivered this service is great will use this service again when needed  and will  refer friends 👍❤️
Best service and worth the money!
The first person scheduled for my delivery cancelled 25 minutes before he was to arrive at my place... no notice or anything.... thank goodness another person picked it up and got here as soon as he could so the delay was only 30 minutes. Had he not grabbed it though I would have been stuck, the first guy should have to pay a fee of some kind, after all if I cancelled I would have to... otherwise the service was great with the pick up and delivery. I don’t like no guarantee after you book it but otherwise a great easy to use service!
I was asked to pay almost 200.00 to deliver my newly purchased furniture! So glad I found this app! I will be using this app for ALL of my deliveries
Stephone couldn’t have been any nicer! He was prompt, courteous, professional, and  very careful in moving a heavy cabinet up several flights of stairs without even flinching!  I am extremely pleased with my first GoShare experience!  Thank you, Stephone!
You simply can’t beat the service. It is fast, fair and profoundly better than renting a truck.  We were already home enjoy your new furniture in the time it would have taken just to rent the truck.  

Absolutely the way to get stuff delivered!
I scheduled to have them pick up 3 boxes from Costco and deliver to my home. After waiting over an hour and a half, I received a message that my vehicle choice was unavailable and that it “had” to be a two person job and subsequently the price went from $54.99 to almost $200! What a scam! You’re better off renting a moving truck and asking some friends for help!
Chris was my point of contact for the furniture move , he was more than helpful . We were to meet at Costco for the Loveseat at 1PM, by the time I made the purchase it was only 12noon. I called Chris and he had no problem coming early !!! For my first time using GoShare I was pleased and Very Impressed !! I will use GoShare’s services again and tell all of my associates as well.
Very easy to use. Easier than renting a truck and doing it yourself.
It’s Uber for big items you need delivered that day !!!! I bought a couch today at Costco and an hour later a great guy showed up ( Guiermo) to take it to my new condo. He was so nice and accommodating and punctual. Took all the stress out of wondering how to get something delivered. Great price. Very fair. I would use them again and recommend them to anybody.
I would use this service again. Very happy with delivery
First let me say that, overall I was pleased with the services provided. I had concern that I booked my job and the app said my job would be $133.68. Great. After the two gentlemen delivered my items from Costco, I received a final notification in the app and via email that the job cost was $240.68. Reviewing my account this evening, I was charged $373.76. I sent a message and received no response. I want my $133.08 that I was overcharged and I probably won’t be using this service again because of this dishonesty. I feel like GoShare has stolen from me and I will seek guidance regarding litigation to get my money back. Really sad because the gentleman assigned to me were GREAT😡
I have used Go Share twice now & have had a Five Star experience both times. I highly recommend this company- great customer support.
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Great service for people who purchase furniture in line and need it done at their time. Movers were on time and called to let me know they are snd pick and when they deliver. Would recommend service you get upfront price of service. 10 stars!!
As a single Mom, having your services are a blessing! Keep up the awesome work!!
Very good service!
Tried multiple times to book a delivery using the app and the browser and it kept closing. Not reliable when at the store and needing help with on-demand. I actually did try contacting customer service both through live chat and email and did not receive a response. We ended up renting a van and moving the furniture ourselves.
Today was my first time to get GoShare delivery. Bernardo was the consummate professional. He called me yesterday to introduce himself and confirm the details, showed up promptly and was extremely courteous. He had my job picked up and delivered in 30 minutes. Hope they’re all just like him.
I saw few negative reviews and was very hesitant to use GoShare. Took the risk and it proved to a good decision. I was happy with their service.
Simple job to move two filing cabinets from the garage to the basement.  How hard can it possibly be?  They asked me to cancel and resubmit 3 times, asked me to reschedule for a week later, couldn’t find anyone to do it and then asked me to request a truck (for more money) when nothing had to be transported via truck.

My first experience (similar move from the garage to the basement) was quite good.  This one completely erased that good taste.
They delivered a couch from Pier 1. They were great prompt professional. I would definitely use them again.
We arranged for a pick up of a loveseat we purchased at Costco. Alan (or Adan?) arrived as scheduled. He called ahead of time to re-confirm the job information. He was courteous and helpful. Delivery to our house went smoothly and efficiently. Professional service all around.

Thank you.
My dining room table was in perfect shape. I purchased it from home goods and provided pictures that it was in perfect shape. The driving brought it to my home all scratched up and just dropped it off and was so non chalant about it. The thing is, it’s a cement top and he didn’t have anything in between that and the bed of his van and just let it all scrap up. I’m so upset about it. Go Share I have wrote them multiple times. It’s been three weeks and they’ve done nothing. $400 down the drain and I can’t even get a new one because home goods is a place that only has one of everything especially furniture. Do not use this app!
I just bought a home and found a new bathroom vanity that I absolutely loved at Costco. The only problem was it’s a 250lb vanity, already assembled and in a box. Enter GoShare, an app that is so easy to use and made this a breeze. My driver met me at Costco after I had paid for the vanity, and then his helper met us at my house. The two of them got this giant vanity into my house and up the stairs to the 2nd floor bathroom fairly quickly and without damaging any walls. All together, it costed about the same as if I had ordered the vanity on Costco.com with basic curbside delivery from FedEx. Totally worth the money, and would use GoShare again!
I was referred to this service while purchasing furniture at Costco. It seemed to be an easy and convenient thing. I downloaded the app, got a confirmation my project was pending, went to the cashier and payed for my furniture. 20mins later my project was still pending. I spoke with customer service at GoShare, and apparently there wasn’t any interest from any of their drivers wanting to do my project and help. Now I’ve cancelled my goshare. I wouldn’t suggest any other Costco members use this service.
Our delivery pro Nenad did an excellent job, very friendly and very professional.  We are very pleased with the results and will be using your service again when needed.
I had paid for delivery of a Futon from the store to 2nd floor of my home. The quote included the weight of furniture and that it needed to go upstairs. I had shared the pictures too. 

While the order said there will be 2 people coming, only one person (driver) showed up. He did not have any information of what he was supposed to carry and how heavy that would be. 

He brought it home but could not carry the futon upstairs so left it downstairs saying he will come back. Later when I called, he said he can’t come back and do it for free. So call GoShare to complain. 

I had a chat session with help desk. The chat person said place a new order with 2 people and we will give you $10 off and ended the session. 

My credit card is charged without taking any confirmation from me to see if job was done properly.
I was a little skeptical since it was my first time trying this.  The price was worth it; less than ordering online and paying delivery.  And, I got this all within 1 hour from the time I purchased.  Note:  I also requested additional help which worked like a charm.  I’m never renting a truck myself for delivery again!  Hope this helps!