I had a problem, I just had to upload a sofa and a super large carpet, three floors, the weight was too much
Out of the 3 apps I work I make money 
But
For Goshare 
I paid $50 for background check I submitted all my info my account got activated weeks ago and I still haven’t gotten not 1 project job 
This is the worst
Anyone charging money to work for them (background check) is untrustworthy
First red flag popped up when I seen that we had to pay for a background check. I worked for a lot of different gig jobs and had multiple background checks ran not once did I have to pay for any of them And that’s also counting when I had regular 9 to 5 jobs Not once did I ever have to pay for a background check… so unfortunately, until this business gets well enough established to not put that cost onto their drivers/workers. I won’t use this service or app lotta other ones out there that don’t ask for this
I have tried to click on jobs countless times and every time I do, the job is gone.  It can literally appear in the notifications while I have the app open and it will still tell me the job is gone.  The only two jobs I have ever been able to claim, one was the wrong time, and the other made me drive across town to pickup a package that had already been picked up by another driver.  The customer service when it comes to speaking to someone about an issue is terrible.  There is something wrong when you can’t even get jobs!
Lousy application They took 250 dollars from my card unjustly and when I objected and explained their lies they did not respond and it ended up
This is really bad long process and pay $49 for a background check and them to find out no deliveries in state of Missouri ( St. Louis city) don’t fall for that I haven’t had 1 delivery or what they call them projects is a ripoff
Just got signed up finally after AN EXTREMELY long process where I even have to pay for a background check , only for me to get on there be no work for me to do. They make all these steps make you wait extra long and even make you pay just to apply for them all for there to be 0 jobs in the past 2 weeks . Waste of time wish I could’ve taken it back
Company focused on rules and regulations more then keep steady work if you turn down a order they give you a penalty people need to wake up and stop excepting anything because companies feed off you and can’t even make the business work for you the one who do the work I would give this company zero STARZ
Project
This app is a scam. They’re trying to get you to pay them $49 background check fee. No other gig app like uber, lyft, instacart charges you to run your background. Do not sign up to this app and waste your hard earned money. This app is a scam!
Worst driver App. I encountered a road closure and couldn’t make it on time to pick up. I cancelled the project and even though I was charged $50 no show
Accepted the project. After waiting 30 min at Sam’s l was item had been picked up by someone else. Contacted to customer service representatives( Sabrina, Emily ) about issues. It takes another 20 - 30 min to get connected to live agent to solve the issue. If l tried to cancel without talking to support l would be charged 50$ because you need to cancel 48 hours before the project. But guess what they don’t give you dime if they are messed up. Rudest customer support ever as well . Lost my time and didn’t get any compensation.
I am trying every day to take a project but all of them are taken, no chance to take one. We need you update the app to everyone has chance to get projects
Realmente increíble, me encanta la manera como piensan en nosotros como conductores es la primera aplicación de conductores con tantos beneficios para sus profesionales de entrega, muy agradecido por lo que hacen por que en GoShare no todo es dinero
Low pay
One of the worst app to work bogus
I applied for Go share months ago as a driver and been going back and forth with customer service. Every time I email them I keep getting im sorry , no problems resolved . They tired to make me pay for background twice once I sent the proof that I passed it already .
I live 30 minutes away from Jacksonville where it’s busy in Kingsland ga that’s my hometown and they not able to have me sign up for whatever reason and im willing to travel to Jacksonville 30 minutes away Yule and Fernandina Beach is 15 minutes away don’t know why they not accepting my application and I’m at the border Florida and Georgia
This app is horrible . There are no deliveries in my area (Cleveland Ohio) everything is an hr away
Scam scam scam scam scam
They charge you 49.99$ for background checks and have you waited for months. The reply you get is “it can take months to verify and onboard since we get hundreds of applications every day. And after few months they will send you an email that we are not looking for you for the requirements we have. So beware it is a scam to make money legally because you signed up and pay them 49.99$.
It’s a scam app ! They charge to get you a background check . Then they don’t respond after ! Don’t bother no other gig app charges to startup with them
Definitely when you are in very hard time and you try to find a job for yourself you apply for this company too, but they say you must pay $49 for background check and it’s not refundable, after that they make everything super hard for you to get to the point ,how after two weeks when they waste your time for background check, you can find out they didn’t verify your information because they said ,because we have lots of driver application we need eight weeks to verify your account. You know what! they make money from you not from the job. They are not honest with you. They never let you know. They have lots of driver application until you pay $49 then they surprise you with eight weeks
The amount of money you pay just to get on the platform. Inspection fee and expensive background check. The offers that they give you are just trash. 47 miles for $30 using your time and your gas, all I see is drivers keep getting cut in pay. Not worth the money they require to spend upfront just to make better money door dashing.
This company won’t pay u instantly. They pay like a week later and when you chat with there staff there soulless. Not impressed at all.
GoShare is kinda ok but not doing well on the PAYMENT part. I drive with GoShare and my payment can never be tracked by me, the payment method is very ridiculous and it’s not transparent. Sometimes, some payments will be added together without indicating what project it was by adding project numbers, which makes it very difficult for me as a driver to track my payment as they are paid out to me. Some payments will be paid alone, sometimes payments will be paid randomly by picking one from the top and leave like 2 in the middle unpaid and one will also be paid from the bottom and this makes me lose track of my payments as a driver. This payment method is not transparent and it’s a very bad style because sometimes some of my payments are never even paid. GoShare should try to be more transparent concerning payment and make it trackable for drivers also. This will make everyone happy.
Was told for over a year there would be deliveries in my area I got all signed up paid for background and they told me for one year that every week they were getting ready to launch work and I still have yet to see a delivery this company is worst then spark DoorDash and instacart combined. Scam don’t waste your time.
Upon arrival to first location I started the project but the app failed to acknowledge. I had to start and finish the project at drop off location
You download the app and fill out all of the questions they ask, then and only then at the end of everything, they tell you they don’t operate in your area yet. If that’s the case they should check the area first, not waste all your time.
Its a scam!! They charge you $50 supposedly for a background check but yet again they never call you or hire you. They just steal your money!!  Stay away!! I only paid $50 for nothing
I’ve been in this industry for about 3 years and the offers from this app are atrocious. Way too low for the time, risk, and expenses of finishing a job properly.
I haven’t seen any reasonable loads since having this app
Used to pay really well and had A+ customer service. Now, the offers pay lower than almost any other delivery app. I’ve seen orders where they expect you to drive 30 miles, delivering 8 tires for $16!  Need to cancel a gig? They’ll charge you. (No other app does that) 

If the supplier cancels the gig? They won’t pay you. I’ve driven with them for over a year and even hit their leader board a few times, but it is officially time for me to delete them.
Stupid.
I am very disappointed, there is nothing in my area. For me to take on a job with GoShare it would literally cost me more in gas than, what the job pays. Why would I start my truck up for $13 and I live 20 or so miles away from pick up and drop off. If I could get my money back I would
Today was the first time using the app and it was not good experience.  When I selects the order the app would clicking then it says there is error try later. But the order was still added to my batch. Then when I am at the merchant bringing up the order was taking so long to provide them with the information they where needing. In addition to the app Walmart stop accepting pick ups at 8pm.  But on the app it stated until 10pm. I wasn’t able to pick up up two orders since they was not located on there device. Then I had two other orders one the wait was way over 1 hour and another that I wasn’t Able to pickup since it was 8pm that I arrived at the pick up location.
App continuously has loading errors.
They charging fee for backround check and they don’t activate your account even if you pass background check. There is no customer support number as well
Pagos bajos a comparación del valor del pedido a entregar, no tienen en cuenta la distancia hasta el lugar de recoger, poca comprensión con el conductor, en 1 mes que llevo no veo una orden que este bien paga teniendo en cuenta distacia para recoger, distancia para entregar, número de paradas y tamaño de la entrega.
Stay away this platform will cost you more than they pay biggest waste of time!!!
The payments was very low
THEY SAY THEY WILL PAY YOU FOR THE JOB BUT JUST LIKE MANY OTHERS ON HERE THEY NEVER DO DONT TRUST THEM PLEASE IT ISNT WORTH IT AT ALL
They supposedly charge $50 for a background check that’s cap no other job has charged me for a background check on top of that they never even got back to me and I’ve heard they scam
Do not recommend will definitely be filing a case with my bank to get my money back
Not the best gig app and not the work. Slow customer support. It takes months to review documents. Pay is getting lower and lower over time. Hard to get a job. They can careless about the drivers on the platform. They only care about making money. Welcome to America.
It was 30 miles from the store to the customer house. They did not count 20 miles from my house to the store. Also they did not count 30 miles after finished the deliveries to go back to my area , Because I should go back to my area. This is 50 extra miles.  They did not count them. so I spent about two hours. I drove 80 miles for $26. I use $20 for gas, six dollars for my car mileage I did not make any money that’s bad terrible.
The stupid count down timer still counting a pup up message says order not available.
How that is possible?
I was applying for this job and they don't even bother to answer me, definitely they waste your time
Couple month ago i register this app and they told me if im serious driver i have to pay background check and then i pay $45 for background check and then i get wait for background then i wait wait wait more then 2 month and you know what still nothing and i guess they delete my account idk away from this app
When I went to the first project the store told me someone picked it up already. 

2nd project was way much worse, I was a helper I arrived at the store on time, the other guy arrived 20min late then I had to wait for another 45 min for the store to bring the order (2slide doors) in the app it says 50lb or less in reality no less than 200lb. Doors didn't fit his cargo truck only one door so we had to make it 2way. 30 min project took 85 min pay is $36 they didn't count the time I lost, forget about customer support
Well I have been with GoShare since 2020
Since January 2023 I earned only $48 as a project cancelation forfeit.
Paying went down, GoShare cannot fulfill drivers demand but getting more labor on board. 
App can load forever and then shows an error. 
I only see that the platform throws a bone into a crowd of hungry dogs. And then whoever grabs it. 
This is a model of GoSharw these days. I call it unfair business. Don’t hire if you cannot fulfill demand. Once in GoShare you will become a dog on a leash. Also so called hard working drivers would be loaded with jobs near by but would never go to travel far. Many will Agee with me.
This app is so desperate for random people to work they just send random emails saying “your hired!”
Lawsuit time? They discriminate if you’re a felon or have a misdemeanor.
Makes you load all sorts of information and then tells you it’s not in your market area. 

Dumb app. Don’t download.
I realized I no longer wanted to do this after watching the orientation video. Accidents happen but to make the driver responsible for the first $1k if the cargo is damaged is ludicrous!!!
Signed up to do deliveries and during the onboarding I saw that they charge you to run a background check. Thought it was a little suspect and between the others posting about being charged and others getting finessed out of money they earned, I withdrew my application.
So basically went through every step , wasted 27 minutes watching the dumbest video ever , wasted another 5 minutes answering 41 questions , passed the kinder garden level like test , now im met with a background check request , they want $150 bucks from me to run my background check ! What kind of business is this ?  Wrong answers only
I was keep on uploading my vehicle registration and being denied over and over again contacted customer service thanks to Karen Porth who responded saying that my registration is invalid the one I got from the dmv this is soo disrespectful wasting a lot of time for nothing do I have to go to Walmart to register my vehicle in my state or go to Amazon for the same thing because in their eyes there is no such thing as a department of motor vehicles, a.k.a. DMV
I’m very disappointed in GoShare

After providing excellent service for multiple hours and ensuring customer was completely happy, I was only paid less than 2/3 of what I should’ve been paid on one of the most difficult projects I’ve ever done.

I reached out to GoShare multiple times and no one seemed to care and was just told to give it a few days. After 10 days I reached out again and was then told that the payment would remain the same.

A driver shouldn’t have to deal with the deception of being told to give it a few days and It shouldn’t take this much effort just to finally get such an unfair and disappointing response.
most stupid app how you going to read and respond for 25 seconds
I signed up and paid my $45 for a background check.  All offers that show up are taken before I can hit accept, and they are all low paying.  $17, $19, etc.  Bad for drivers!
I’ve been on some many dead end runs. This is the last time we will be using this app. You guys are horrible. No compensation for dead end runs and it’s nerve wrecking good bye
GoShare purposely will not disclose historical contracts for your area so that drivers are not incentivized to register. Our city is a complete waste of effort unless you desire to waste more money on fuel than what you would earn per gig. Don’t waste your time with this app!
Notification comes and jobs are instantly gone before they can be seen, People getting a head start to obtain the job is worthless to anyone else. Only one I was able to see was 22 dollar Tire delivery and 40 miles of driving.
Very low paying, you can make 5x the money driving a small car for Uber,lyft, doordash, etc
There is no chance one, I ever damaged anything, and two if I did would admit it and notify accordingly. I will not pay any “damage” to anyone when I did not cause the damage and a year later are now saying I owe money. I don’t think so
I am a new driver to the GoShare platform, and even me having all notifications on, IPhone 13, app open all the time, when a good worth project comes up, I quickly press on it, but always before the 30 sec counter is over, the project is always taken a few seconds before my counter is zeroed.. Are there drivers with counters less than the 30 sec? How do I really get these projects that seems that always are taken by drivers with less seconds in their counter? How can I lower the time in my counter to be on the same fare situation? Thank you. Gerardo
I signed up two months ago and still have seen an offer that worth my time.  I accepted one helper offer and when arrived the location at Costco, the customer said that no need for helper, the cargo van driver can do both jobs.  I contacted the GoShare support, they contacted the customer and said the customer canceled the helper offer but I will be paid $15 since I came back the location. A month later, I haven’t receive the $15 payment and I didn’t bother. No offers available in my town though I saw several offers where the drop off is in my town.  The pickup location is 17 miles and the total pay is about $24, total of 34 miles; not with it my time.
Hardly ever get jobs near me. Wasted money on background check. Been 2 years and haven’t recouped the cost still.
They take from their drivers!!!!!
First cargo pick up was an absolute disaster. Received the request, accepted it, got to the job early no one at the Lowes pickup point had any idea where the cargo was, the control number given on the app did not work, the customers phone number given was disconnected, and customer services ultimately canceled the job after being here for 30 minutes! Huge waste of time, the load board needs to better vet their customers for drivers so as to not waste their time!!!!
They only care about there bottom end. Had an accident happen on the way to a customer and service to get the situation under control was horrible. Then they made my rating like 5151 ranking so I don’t even see projects anymore.
Very bad to work with this people
Pros
You might make some money
On demand
Cancellation fee (although it’s sometimes doesn’t cover gas money)

Cons
There countdown system for projects where you are competing against bots and other contractors. If you have weak cell service forget about it

They don’t have same day pay like most apps ( this is a big deal especially considering they get the money from their vendors usually the same day or the day after 

They charge you for canceling even if it’s within 10 minutes of selecting a job and you accidentally accepted it and it’s like 20-30 dollars

If you get cancelled on they paid you a fee which is really nothing at times and they don’t show it in your earnings. Which can throw off your accounting 

You never know how much money they owe you. They simply show you how much you’ve already been paid. All the while all the jobs will show as paid. It’s very confusing.
Worst app, just spent like 40$ on my background check and haven’t even done 1 order
Me registre page 45 dólares y en la florida no hay ni una carga
They charged money from my card for supposedly not showing up for a job that the app itself hadn't assigned me.
GoShare could be great if they were more reasonable and understanding as well as accommodating when the client changes the time, location or canceled. If you do any of that your charged $50 automatically without consenting but the likelihood of you getting reimbursed for your time due to a client or app mistake is not likely. 

Plus the customer service reps can be rude even in a moment or crisis. If you apply stay on top of your application status because it takes awhile then all of a sudden you’ll get a bunch of responses from different people asking for additional information. Stick with the main support/ driver email and not individuals.

PS… I don’t I remember receiving any tips. My luck mine were being reallocated to the wife I don’t have alimony payments. Again… what wife!?!
As a new driver . Have a few questions and the lack of communication is big. No direct line for drivers to call. The only number I get still a answer machine
Can’t believe an app works like this, virtually impossible to catch the orders, frustrating every single driver
It’s not right how 3 guys get every single job in Boston once in a while one slips threw the cracks. If my phone is in my pocket I don’t have a chance that is insane I’ve been in this business for 20 years and it’s not right. We are all here to make money but how can I if a job is gone as soon as I click on it. It’s so disrespectful to all the drivers . One time I was in the store when a order came in and guess what I could not get it this also makes no sense. Frist come frist works in a grocery store at a deli counter not on deliveries
Barely any requests come in daily. You have to pay a $45 fee to get a background check and If you accidentally accept a request or no longer can do a request even if it’s 24 hours or more before cancelling they charge you a $20 cancellation fee every time you cancel even if someone else picks up the request for you. There are so many other apps out there for Truck Delivery other than GoShare I say download those and use those.
I am in the Denver metro area. So plentiful population. Since I was approved 6 days ago I have gotten a request for 1 job in the middle of the night. By the time I saw the alert it had been taken.
I think that it’s highly unethical to take money from people for a background check if there isn’t enough work.
I understand that this is better as a part time gig but there’s a big difference between part time and totally dead. GoShare should NOT allow more drivers to sign up in areas where they know it isn’t busy. I wanted to get my money back for the background check and a representative said I couldn’t. I just think it’s really messed up to advertise $30-40/hr when in reality it is nothing because there’s no work.
Basically it takes about 3 weeks to sign up with them, staff is nice but extremely slow. After I signed up and paid ($45 to sign up yes, they make you pay after you submit everything 3 weeks later so you feel defeated and pay anyways) after all that and taking my money then they show you the jobs for you ( ZeRO jobs zip nada ) so basically a scam to get you signed up pay them $45 and laugh at you with all your data and information for them to sell later.
I wasted $150 on a background check and the jobs are not even guaranteed
All jobs are underpaid. I just drove to the store at 6:30am just to get it cancelled from store after 30 minutes and goshare sent me 17$. I spended more on gas lol. Dont come here guys. Was in process of being accepted here just to fight for pennies....
They never send you work only one’s every several weeks is impossible to make a living we this type of work.
Horrible!!! Stay Away!!!
I paid $150 for background check and everything then I ain’t getting any jobs in my area. Be careful before signup
Pay is way below what it should be especially due to the increase in gas prices. Customer service is essentially useless and you must stay on top of payments because they went several months without paying. If you’re considering GoShare, don’t waste your time just do something on the side yourself.
First let me say like this take them long time for the background Check , and this app so weird Not enough time to read or to confirm the request
Wast of time, when I try to get one job, I receive the message that job is not available. I DON’T RECOMMEND .
To all my fellow drivers, beware of this goshare app…they take your credit card info for checking background 43$. They make you acknowledge accept many things..first drivers can not be late for pickup if it’s more than 15minutes late and if the customer complain they keep track of it, after you make $$in thousands few months later they would take money from your credit card without your authorization because you already authorized them on the credit card before. I think only thieves would do that. They have only ladies handling the accounting department and those ladies have no mercy they are rude, they don’t talk to you…they charge your credit card for penalty for showing up and e-mail you the receipt for the amount took. If the driver cancel the pickup for some reason and becomes more than their limit they charge you penalty and take money …they have only chat window sometimes nobody would respond for hours…no one will talk to you one on one when you are in need, if they need to talk to you they will and they expect you to answer the phone., that is slavery. Basically they treat drivers like trash. Sometimes they have long haul deliveries for solar companies, they pay only one way tolls and they don’t pay tolls for you coming home if it’s longer than 8hr drive they don’t pay for hotel stay, they expect you drive back immediately or don’t care if you drive immediately….that makes 16hrs of driving which is not allowed. All other apps like this give Deadhead ($ per mile) to comeback home after drop off. This GoShare doesn’t give you a penny not even tolls to come back…instead they take money from your credit card without your authorization….be careful of this scams.
After I reached the customer for pick up the map didn’t finish the route and wants to take me around and around, I had to exit and I took the address from the paper they gave me to go to the delivery address. It was frustrating.
On top of slow pay!  it takes forever to get paid Plus if you accept something and you cancel for an emergency you have to pay $20 out-of-pocket. Customers have canceled my acceptance and I don’t get paid for their cancellation or for my gas
First it was a very slow and very complicated enrollment to be a driver for goshare second not a single job in more than 4 days nothing and the worse part is that I paid for a back ground check….
I live in Atlanta abs drive a cargo van, and there are no jobs here. When a job notification pops up (2x a day or less) it’s usually booked by the time you open the app. The jobs available are typically low pay and during normal business hour, far outside the city, making it unrealistic as a side gig. I spent $750 on new tires because the first inspection said my tread was too low, 55 for the inspection, then another $50 on the background check. I feel duped.
This app pays about minimum wage using your own truck and paying for gas. Waste of time.
Doesn’t work
They will steal your money if a customer cancels a job by saying the driver is the reason behind the cancellation. Very hard to get a job, not worth the time unless you get into the group that gets the jobs sent first.  If not you’ll only get the jobs no one else wants. Zero stars don’t waste your time!
Apple needs to take this company down. Customers and the Goshare team did not show the respect my drivers deserve. They give no explanation putting the burden on the drivers or helpers before listening to them. In the terms of service for workers they say put you can be terminated for leaving bad reviews 🤣. Wheres the free speech?? L company. Christian Hastings is horrible
So high used cargo vans that I rent. To do make my deliveries. I deliver for companies such as Amazon Walmart in Annie and all third-party providers. There is nothing wrong with outsourcing your delivery vans. But these yahoos do not want anyone who doesn’t have their own van. I don’t have to have my own personal insurance on the cargo vans that I rent. That is covered by the company. It is unfortunate that we were not able to work with this company but considering the absolute hypocrisy of saying use the cargo van. And they don’t want to hire you. It’s obvious from my standpoint that this is most likely fraudulent company. I will not ever ever use the service. For my own deliveries to be made or vice versa. And I will tell all my drivers to not use the service. It is unfortunate but I would strongly recommend Apple remove this service from their platform. Delivery drivers should be allowed the option to outsource their delivery vans and rent them if need be without having to provide all kinds of proof. I do all the background checks on my drivers. Do not use this service stay away it is obvious they are only wanting to rip people off. I cannot abide by fraudulent companies saying one thing and then doing a complete 180 on another. In business you have to be honest and forthcoming and you cannot be discriminatory on who you hire. I recommend the federal government checking in on this as well. It’s a real shame good concept too bad it’s run by a bunch of fraudulent scammers.
This company will not hire any felons no matter how old they are mine or from 15 years ago I’ve repaid my dept to society but this is what it is my mistakes as a young child/adult and you’re punished for the rest of your life
A lot of work! Reasonable pay,can’t go wrong!!!
This company is a very bad, deserved company
Low pay for helpers that only have a car ..
As a service provider, there is very little opportunity to make money with this app compared to others in the market. They also routinely go against there own policies when it comes to payment. If you are a handyman or looking to make extra money, this is not the app for you.
After finding out my truck is to old for them. I asked why don’t they allow them, I got a message back saying because of insurance. Last I knew older vehicles are cheaper for insurance than newer ones. I understand a part of it but was not happy with them  not allowing me to message them back and get more information, they just blocked me out of the app saying my truck is not a good fit.
There is no one 800 number for assistance and you can email someone that you never get a response
I’ve became a GoShare driver earlier this week and I have yet to see any projects that I can take there haven’t been any work for a few days now I’m starting to wonder is there any work in the Chicago land area for me or is there something I’m doing wrong for me not to see any projects!
First assignment told me I wasn’t allowed to avoid toll roads  I’ve been avoiding tolls for over 28 years and 3 million miles like they have a right to tell me how to drive which is my expense 2 days after the gig they told they couldn’t pay me because of some excuse even though they verified my account then they wanted my PayPal account so they could pay me ASAP  my PayPal account was mysteriously locked after I gave them my email for it it’s 6 days since gig no pay starting to wonder if they are legit or a scam all the other apps I use pay me in
24 to 48 hours some pay same day customers pay with a credit card they already have their pay because I worked for them I put off working for 2 other companies and because they haven’t paid me I’m short on rent definitely not starting out on the right foot and still they have the nerve to ask me to continue doing gigs not this man until I get paid not to mention it was a 540 mile round trip that I have to pay for fuel and tolls up front and pay my way home so far not so good I hope it improves
The training is non existent, You tube videos were no help. Took 7 days for 1 cent to be deposited in my account to verify.
Driver support agent was condescending (Linda), and still have no job alerts. Even bought a hat and signs for my car.
Way too long of a process and not worth the money or really the lack of money.
GoShare discriminated against people with disabilities.  In the application; it asks if you are willing to carry at least 50 pounds up flights of stairs; I put no (because of my disabilities) and got rejected.
GoShare forwards jobs which are 40-60 minutes from my home. The money they are looking to pay is not enough. For example, I’ve just received two helper notifications, one was for Manhattan driving to Union, Ni. The payout was $48. For me to drive into Manhattan and and drive across the GW bridge with toll is $16 and it would take me a minimum of one hour w traffic. Then to drive to Union would be another 1.5 hours. It is very possible at this time of day it would take minimum of 4 hours.
The jobs are taken so fast you don’t get a chance to read about it before the job is gone. I signed up and finally got a chance to get a call. I travelled half an hour to location just for the contact to tell me it was cancelled. When I inquired about reimbursement for gas, they acted like it was my fault it was cancelled. Very unprofessional.
GoShare does not provide you with any information to obtain jobs. Once registered, you sit & wait. There is no map showing leads in other areas. There is no list of jobs offered that were or weren’t taken & accepted by GoShare drivers. I’m very frustrated with this platform and I am far from a tech person. If I were provided a map or listing of job availabilities in the greater area that I live, then I would be able to take the initiative to make money. Instead I’m stuck looking at my blank profile. Why??
The more I do GoShare the more unhappy and disappointed I get with it. It’s not worth it
Need a new marketing director, I’m here! Not single soul has heard of GoShare in south Florida. And it would do amazing down here, if advertised more or at all in Florida. Wasted time and 45 bucks for background check. Has been a week since I had app and been approved... not one delivery at all. Nothing! Was attracted to the 2000 a week. So far $0.00 a week here!!
I’ve lost count of the number of times this app has frozen, glitches out, or just stopped working. Glad I didn’t waste money on a background check. If these guys can’t even make a usable app there’s no way this service actually works. Good idea, poorly executed.
Not enough request plus I have missing payment plus they are not efficient with their drivers they wanna just get their share from the job and for you as a driver screw you and your truck I put to many mileage on my truck with them for getting nothing and they treat you not respectfully
This is the worst experience I have had
Not one single offer
Not enough jobs and when there is someone already took it. I disagree on whoever clicks first get it. Should give the new comers a chance too.
Go share is a bad app don’t use it I tried to retake my test and they just said no
I’ve had a terrible experience over all and had nothing but problems and literally zero customer or driver support. I drove for over an hour to get to a job that didn’t even have a real address or anything and the only way to get to support to find out what to do is to cancel the job and screw over the people waiting on you and also lose the work and money you put in and then try (key word is try) to reach them only to get a voice mail service asking you to leave a message that is promptly ignored. To make things worse they also put all responsibility and liability on the drivers that they are ignoring and sending out to imaginary gigs. 

Stay away from this app I’m sure there are much better ones out there.
For all the snazzy talk this app preaches on its website it is definitely not what it boasts to be, coming from a US Army veteran who knows structure and how to run a company that i have owned for over 15 years as well as a
Parent company I have been VP of for 17 years, the de valuing of human interaction and the pushing forward of text only conversation will leave you upset and frustrated as a driver and looking for a new pick up and delivery system if you are a consumer. If you are a driver You will get underpaid and your time is worth nothing to this group called GoShare. Beware. Stay away and don’t bother. If you are looking for real work this ain’t the place. If you need more 8189133167 my lines are open.
They pay so poorly don’t even cover cost of travel for the drivers to get to and from the job.   So who shows up are the most desperate of the desperate with beat up equipment and if any at all and half don’t speak English.   The picking of your driver is done on a who can hit the button on their phone fastest not the most qualified or best person.   Anybody you would actually want in your home is not going to work for this company.
No jobs
The app seemed to be working fine, but they charge you for a background check. They also will charge you for any damage to the items delivered. So you could end up paying a $1000 for working for them.
Ya no quiero trabajar aquí 

Aplique para Driver tengo una camioneta de el 2018 en buenas condiciones 
Me piden que suba los documentos adecuados 
Los subí y detecté en un video de GoShare alguien 
Que dice malas palabras 
Ya no me dejan entrar a la aplicación 
Me siento discriminado 
Pero mi Dios ve
Dios les Bendiga de todos modos 🙂
Not much going on unorganized so far but it’s new to this area. Haven’t had much come through. 2 and drive to Avon just for load to cancel but I made $8.  😟
Very bad costumer service, they act polite answering your concerns but do nothing to solve it. Keep pushing you around until you give up. 
This company seems very shady, I’m consulting my attorney now to see what we can do about it. I’ve been a driver and a costumer and had problems in both ends, wondering if they’re following the real law. Or if they have their own law. 
My friend who’s a driver told me he hasn’t been paid few rides for over 6months. Also he said he had an accident and they charged the costs all on him. So be careful drivers, or they may make you pay for a costumers appliances on your own.
I filled out everything to be a driver then uploaded my photo and was denied for no reason. I met all criteria for driving and background history. Vehicle is a new Silverado so what reason?
Please add a feature to see all projects in a given area so the drivers can educate themselves on different situations.  You can hide any sensitive data...
Hello, I downloaded the app and tried to applied for being a driver. Something went wrong the first time, so I went online and started online chat. They told me I’m a customer but not a driver. We agreed to delete my account so I can start over again. Nothing works, went back to the online chat, were the second person told me there was never a chat in the first place. Long story short ended up like the first time. Applying process is super annoying, no support at all. I’m very disappointed in this app. Tried to download the app multiple times nothing has changed. Tried it over the web page, seems to be worse.
It’s a decent side hassle job. I think sometimes bureaucracy kills. I just upgraded my 2016 Silverado 1500 to a brand new 2019 Silverado HD and I informed them for the change . All of sudden I was informed that my account is deactivated due lack of documentation for the new vehicle. One of the missing item is inspection receipt and form. This is a brand new truck with a valid inspection sticker on the windshield valid for 4 years. I do not understand the “NEED” to do another inspection. IMHO this is bureaucracy and makes driver to rethink if they should upgrade their trucks and got penalized for have a newer vehicle and being honest telling them so.
Been at this for 2 months sending and resending same info, finally got email approval. Went to app nothing spent over an hour with customer service installing, deleting, reinstalling. Nothing nobody can figure out why app doesn’t work on my iPhone 8plus. I have over 5 different driver apps I use daily, no problems. About to just give up on this app and take the $45 hit. I’ve spent countless hours with chatline and several email to customer service here I am 2 months later and still waiting to actually do one single job. Get emails with jobs that I cannot accept or see. Good job guys
After 4 hours, 170 miles round trip, $30 in fuel, $6 tolls I made $44  $11/hr is terrible  please charge more
This company has terrible customer service and underestimates the jobs to customers. After a job, the customer will poorly rate the driver since they think we overcharged them. Plus GoShare increases customer costs after the job is done and doesn’t email the customer the new costs until the following day. I do NOT recommend anyone to drive for this company or use their services.
They underestimate jobs, they give customers fake low prices and then when job is over they change the bill to almost triple the amount. They leave customers confused and when the customer complains about the charges he they blame the drivers. Bad communication with customer service also. Beware
I am starting to worry that I just gave out my driver info to a scam. At the very least it doesn't seem to work.