Thanks I Appreciate It My Help Chris Bugatti.
$49 for a background check you guys should pay for us , not the opposite. We gonna work for you guys, and do the work , and share profit.
That’s just insane  I recommend you guys to download or even work for this company has a lot more other carrier companies better.
It went well
The only people making money on this app are the app builders. After paying for a background check and getting certified, the amount of jobs available are minimal at best and after gas, expenses, and time - you make $2 or $3 dollars profit for driving, delivering, loading/unloading, paying for gas, paying for insurance. A complete waste of time in my opinion
I wish it was a way where the app tell you when and when not to do certain things, like pressing pauses and stuff
GoShare used to be one of the best gig apps until their payouts dropped significantly for both drivers and helpers!!
Never got the chance to accept the project. Most of the time, It has already been accepted when I try to accept.
**Drivers Beware** 

I accepted a pickup from Sherwin-Williams for (2) items. When I arrived there were (3) items over the listed weight amount. I accepted knowing that Go Share would correct the pickup and pay accordingly. To my surprise I was told that this was a glitch on Sherwin Williams end and that I was being paid for the correct amount.

 When I told them I would just take the cargo back to shipper I was threatened with a cancellation fee. I work too hard and fuel is too expensive to be taken advantage off. Go Share, this is not good business and I have to seriously reconsider driving for this company in the future!
I live in Orlando, GoShare sent me a project 50 miles away, in Wesley Chapel, to move 1,500 pounds to another location, 10 miles. And give me 37$. My van costs 70,000 $, my work, my fuel, and so on. Are you kidding me?
Terrible app, there’s not organized plataform, its send notifications for available projects and then you will have to wait 30 seconds from the moment you open the app before you’re allowed to accept the order, by the time the chronometer finishes, the project it’s gone because the same notification was sent to an other million people , it’s impossible to catch an order, this aplicación not even gives you the opportunity to hold the order for you for a lest 1 minute. It’s just terrific
If I’m being honest, either I got lucky being here I am or this is just a goldmine! I get potential projects everyday! Even on Labor Day! I didn’t accept any on Labor Day but you can definitely make some money if you want to with this app!
Awesome thanks
By the time that you can actually view a project, it’s already accepted. So, I guess people are accepting loads without even checking them out. This is a problem and risk that I don’t like.
Straight Forward drive 
as well as Instructions
Man simply put easy and great side hustle 💯
Charging for a background check is very funny
I need my money back because My insurance card is from South Carolina and I'm Active-duty military. In order for me to register my car in the state of South Carolina, my vehicle has to be insured in South Carolina, I'm stationed in Virginia which is only for 3yrs then we move. Like what else can I do? My vehicle is already insured in South Carolina, Registered in South Carolina. It doesn't sound right to be double insured in two different states. That's not going to happen. I read the message so I will need my $49 back I paid for nothing.
I love driving for GoShare I have been with working with GoShare for a little less than a month and am looking forward to longevity and growth with growing my Business
So from looking at the reviews we have to wait eight weeks to be verified. Ok til then there are other apps.
They made me pay $50 for a cancellation fee on my third issue after I got a flat tire and tried to fix it on the road it took me longer than I expected and I totally forgot to give them a call because I was trying to get back on the road as soon as possible it was a 105 degrees out there..they didn’t care about it they just care about using us to make money..they trying to be perfectionists they don’t give a..f about the drivers.
I passed everything else that I needed to, but when it came down to my vehicle I was told I couldn’t use my work truck because it was a reconstructed title, which was bogus to me for the simple fact that it’s not like I would be transporting CARGO, not people….the qualifications when it comes down to that are just UN FRICKIN BELIEVABLE!!!
Hey I have been approved and pass the back ground check . It’s been a week since nobody have reached out for continue of this process.
I was a little nervous due to the mixup I had earlier with trying to accept my initial first order and not realizing that it went through so I didn’t want to make any mistake with this order everyone was super helpful in walking me through each step and super polite I look forward to longevity with GoShare platform Thank u for this opportunity
Sorry but this app is complete garbage!! When I started I was getting paid 50$ to pick up tires in Plainfield and drop off in Greenwood. 15 mile trip. Now that same route pays 19$.

Almost every single offer that pops up requires me to drive 30 miles just to get there then another 15 miles to pick up and drop off. Not to mention the 30+ miles to drive back home. But year 17.99$ should cover the gas, so if you like working for free then I’d say it’s a great app. Otherwise don’t waste your time your not compensated for your labor they basically pay your gas and that’s it.
I am writing to express my concerns regarding my recent experiences with GoShare formally. It has become evident that the treatment I have received has been unfair and lacking in consideration, which appears to indicate that the company has failed to recognize and appropriately value my contributions. It is disappointing to see a company of its stature failing to demonstrate competency in recognizing and nurturing good workers. This oversight not only affects morale but also undermines the overall growth and success of the company.
Se items are heavy and need a helper. Next time add a helper to bulk items.
They literally say you have to pay for your own background check to work for them. What a joke.  Never work for a company that wants you to pay them money for something that is their responsibility.
Great app
Honestly this was a waste of my time. I’ve been patient… been actively using the app since March and have not had a single job. Job available and posts are few and far between… maybe get a ping   3 times a week, with pick up locations over 50 miles away.  Pretty much feel scammed out of my startup fee (background fee of over $100) 

Made no money!! Waste of time.
Just completed my first job as a helper, Micheal was great explaining how the app and GoShare works.
Good luck on trying to get a delivery with them. I wouldn't waste my time or money or Paying for the background check.

 also, the rates are horrible it's not even worth it
They offer 20 dollar jobs 30 miles from my house.
Pay has significantly decreased which doesn’t make any sense when the world is more expensive they also don’t like to pay for wait time
This company is a joke they let you sign up and you do the test (which is easy). Then you have to do a background check which costs MONEY!!? Usually delivery apps like this the background check is FREE! But not this app, you can’t even continue unless you pay the $49 fee which looks sketchy to me…
Payment issues, if it’s one payment you’ll receive the full amount but if it’s multiple payments that you are suppose to receive they will take money odd  and the representatives are rude better apps out there honestly
IEnjoy my first delivery and provided a helper was good experience.
Background check fee is crazy. $49. Checkr makes anf it was free with uber lyft gopuff spark etc. But goshare charge you $49. And It took a minute to complete my background check
I was offered an opportunity to be a helper so figured it’ll be good to finally get my feet wet after being a member of the GoShare platform for several months. I had a great experience overall. As the other driver, “Julio” pulled up, I helped him load the furniture into his vehicle and followed him to the customer’s home. We got there, unloaded and the task was complete. I thanked the customer for her business. Since it’s my first time, Julio assisted me with closing out the job on the app. Thank you Julio! 

Again, great experience overall!
I applied, paid for background check. Everything came back fine then they asked me for truck pictures and documents and I uploaded everything they asked for. Few days later they approved my documents and pictures are still in review and it’s been more then a month now. how many months does it takes a company to review and approve the pictures? What a joke
Be ready to pay $50 for a background check before you can start.
Really easy to connect with costumer and deliver project.
They will not compensate you as a helper if the driver decides to cancel last minute. I could’ve had other jobs scheduled wow.
Unfortunately it seems you can only break even after gas and maintenance. I’m not sure the compensation is adequate or sufficient. I guess we’ll see. Please create a system where we can get cheaper gas or maintenance. Or pay for actual work not just gas.
I accept the job I cross the toll bridge I got on time was waiting for one hour. No respond no getting paid you know time money and I don’t like this kind of work.
I finished signing up yesterday and did my first job today, the app is super simple to navigate and I honestly had fun. Excited for more!
Made me go through the entire process of paying $50 for a background check, registration with drivers license number, social security and vehicle photos and videos just to tell you that you are waitlisted. Total waste of time and money when they could have put me on a sign up list and then invite me back to apply when there is availability.
Easy as 1-2-3
Check to see if you are in their area before entering your personal information. Hope they don’t sell my information.
They have a super long and drawn out onboarding process, and you have to pay for your background. And then after everything, i rarely get any orders i can take 😂. Almost every order i’ve seen was in florida and i see maybe 3-4 orders a day. So i guess its good if you’re in florida.
good
Beware. This app takes months to get set up with. You pay $50 for a background check, it takes weeks for it to clear, and now I’m still waiting for my maintenance inspection to clear. When you email customer support they just say “we’ll get to it in the order we received it.”
I had high hopes. I got cleared for my background check after paying the $49 by the following day. Then that morning they charged an additional $95 to my card. So I decided I would contact support. It didn’t take long to realize there is no support, I emailed and called with no response. So, I’m unable to make any contact with anyone with the company. Long story short I had to contact my credit card customer service to file a claim against the app for fraudulent charges. It’s seems as though I won’t be working with this company after this mishap.
Well this fuc$& app got real good … 
I’m from NYC N PAID background check $150 
Expensive and stupid moved I made … 
The worst part is 
I haven’t been accepted… 
Still reviewing all documents been like this over a month … PLEASE FOR THE PEOPLE OUT THERE READ FIRST THE REVIEW BEFORE MAKE ANY MOVE WITH THIS KIND OG APPS…
Thank you guys for the opportunity
Id Had my truck dealerships , while in the on boarding process for set up with GoShare! Only   been able to look at jobs came through  the goshare app like take up Lowe’s & many other delivery install  from shopping /depot’s  home deliveries ect. end of today when got my truck out of dealer ship so will see -very Interested in start FT  its middle of holiday season plans for tomorrow . App looks to show some real potential  i cant wait find out tomorrow!   Will follow-up with a  review !
This app/company needs to take a look at its onboarding process. They will expect you to pay $49 for a background check ($150 if you live in NY) as the second step in the onboarding. I can get my own background check done for free that meets all state and federal requirements. 

Any company that requires you to pay for your own background check, whether you’re an independent contractor or not, should be approached with caution. It makes no sense to require an out of pocket expense from someone when they don’t even know if they’ll have available projects in their area. 

If you’re looking to make some extra cash, I’d advise not moving forward with this one — at least not until they waive the background check fee.
I never received any project close to my city. The project that one or two it’s like an hour from my city And the project started 30 minutes after you see them or less I don’t know if this works for somebody in New Jersey. I need help with this apps
They doesn’t care about you , and just waste your time.
App very easy to use even if you aren’t that computer illiterate like me
I got 3 amazing trip request throughout the day today and I wasn’t able to accept any because some drivers receive the notification before others. It should be like DoorDash where only one person gets a request at a time and if that person doesn’t accept it, it goes to another. This app is basically all luck and the pay isn’t that great 70% of the time. Do better GoShare developers.
As far as I can tell from so far I because the gigs are good….

My big concern is you will receive a push notification, you tap the notification and there’s no menus in the app that lets you see previous notifications.

I feel like this is an important feature that should be added.

Often times people pick up their phone and tap the notifications without reading in hopes of the app opening and gaining more details of the notification.

Unfortunately, currently, this isn’t the case with GoShare Driver. Just hope you can read the full notification before opening it because you will never see the notification again.
I’m the type of person that uses the same password for everything. I try to log in, it says invalid password. I try to receive an email to change the password, and it never arrives. Horrible design. Do better. A delivery driver of my caliber doesn’t have the time or patience for sub par app programmers. I expect this to be fixed immediately after posting this review.
Love the work flow and layout
If you are a retailer or a driver and you have not started using Goshare, I think you are missing out big time. I have been in Gig delivery, same day delivery last miles delivery, independent contractors for the past 10year . I must tell you that Goshare is the best among all. Goshare has changed my life for good. I want you to  use Goshare for your same day delivery. Highly recommended.
Best courier app Ive had just be prepared for anything.
Amazing
I highly recommend to use this app!!I use this app for 3 years , and I’m very satisfied with the company and the app, very user friendly!
Nice and Easy ++++Aaaa
I’m not seeing this app as great or even good for me. I’m sure there are plenty of drivers that are loving it. But I don’t see it, I’m in Southern California Los Angeles county. Not Los Angeles there is a difference, getting from the valley to Orange County could take 2 hours. That isn’t a exaggeration either. So to go into that part of town for 19 to 35 bucks ain’t worth it. But those are the types of offers I get.
After watching an hour long video and taking a 40 minute quiz, then I was alerted that I had to pay for my own background check, which is $60. No thanks! Should have let me know in the sign up process. I don’t trust any company that isn’t fully transparent! Beware!
Any company requiring you to pay for a chance to work for them is trash. On top of that the amount of fees you can be charged as a driver is ridiculous. I’m glad they make you watch the video first because you can hear it from their mouth.
I recently submit a background check for uber and Lyft, and I think its a biggest company than this company. And I send the background for this 2 company and this company said: your background don’t meet the criteria we accept.  I think this company only need the money for that the cost it’s around 149 and it’s a lot of money to work for a simple app.   I don’t recommend this app.
I just started this a little over a week ago. I constantly see projects available but the start time is within 30 minutes of getting notified and I’m usually 40+ minutes away. So I would be late getting there if I accepted it. I wish you had no less than an hour to get to the location just in case you happen to be over 30 minutes away. I haven’t accepted a single project due to that issue alone. I also assumed there would consistently be projects available, when reality is it’s 1 or 2 every few hours. Which is fine, I just thought there would be more activity. It is a side hustle so I get notified a lot when I'm already at work and barely when I’m actually off. 🤷🏼‍♂️
This is so far the best app I have used yet I will give it five stars, look forward to doing more business with you, Andre.
I guess I’m so used to Uber giving you projects that or nearest to you. It was very strange to get a project that was an hour and five minutes away from me. I hope that doesn’t happen a lot. I know I have a choice to take it or not, but I don’t even understand why I was offered that project.
Good to go with GoShare. Thanks a lot
I got a request as a helper I accept it I drive 8 miles from my location. I have arrived at the job location waiting for 20 minutes and then they tell me project has been canceled and I text to them. I told them if I cancel project I get paid 50 as fee cancellation and if you were at time of my clock 40 minutes plus gas, I got nothing so I told him the story they tell me they will beat me $10 liar day does not pay me penny they very very happy to charge you $50 cancellation fee but they cannot give you $.50 for one hours west of time I talk to them even the manager he confirmed they will pay $10 for me. I got nothing all play. And I hope if someone see  the views, you know who I am without, thank you
Long application processes only to find out you have to pay for a vehicle inspection and then pay for a background check. I have no idea if this company even has jobs. Why would anyone subject themselves to all of this?
App pays 3-4 days later 
In 757 area jobs aren’t very consistent 
Cancellations result in fee 
If you complete both sides of a two person job you will not be paid out the respective payment
All together you can make a couple hundred on this app but the mile age for the payments as well as the pay schedule not driver support is very supportive.
I’ve been waiting 2 months for my account to be approved so I can drive.
Goshare decided to deactivate my account with a current up to date him North Carolina registration. These are unfair practices, and I will definitely be reporting these practices to the Better Business Bureau. I ended up giving Goshare the documents they asked for, and they still decided to deactivate my account for a few days, making me miss out on potential money.
Keep getting projects updates but it available when trying to check it out please fix just keep notifying on my phone
I have email support multiple times and they send me the same generic email saying to do certain tasks like making sure the Notifications are on , delete and reinstall the App, too many complaints in the Facebook Group about these same issues. Is there anybody that can reach to me for help … Please a human being not a system generated email would be greatly appreciated. Thank you
This app pretends to take you through an onboarding process. After collecting all of your information it will tell you that you are not in their service area. A simple zip code could have said that. Especially when they ask for that info up front before continuing. But no they want all your info. Lock your credit immediately bc they will run your credit.
Dallas/Fort Worth area courier.
I would like to tell abit about my personal experience with the GoShare. When I registered there was no orders almost ever, that was especially said because I had to pay $150 for my background check(you have to pay for BC but not everybody pays $150 only those who ever lived in NY). So it’s not a reliable income not even supplement. 2-3 months later business picked up a little, there is one company that sends orders ones a day on the first come first served basis. So I got my first order but when I arrived and waited in line for about 30 min(the whole thing took about an hour) the guy in charge said he doesn’t have my order in the system. Also you are independent contractor so no body will compensate you for time, gas, etc. To summarize 
1. Not enough orders and compensation is not grate to say the least 
2. Long wait time at the pick up location plus you might not even get your order.
3. Lack of item description usually it’s something like 1-gag mag dag 3pc 46?)8’frtu, that’s your description, I just never know if it is going to fit in my car:)
3. People at the pick up are poorly organized, to them you just a nuisance.
4. Orders usually have to be picked up at certain time which means you have to be close which means more unpaid time waiting in the area.
5. GoShare is not transparent about earnings in specific areas
Big plus to GoShare support team, they respond really fast. 
I wouldn’t recommend unless you are traveling the same way as the package and you can allocate the time, again this is courier experience(cars/small cars).
It works like a regular company who use apps to make money , yes is true you are you own “boss” I strong recommend it if you guys work with this company to RECORD all your projects 
-Why ? , because is customers who really like to take advance of the system and make a report that you (driver) scratch the walls or the floors to get some credit for the “damage” , that means they pay less for what supposed to.
GoShare don’t care about the version you have and they CHARGE YOU the “damage” . That’s why is required to have a credit card on file when you submit the application to work for then.
That’s my story with this guys , they charge me to my credit card for something I never did it and 2 years later COLLECTION company’s star calling me to say I OWN MONEY for a “damage” project.
BE CAREFUL !!
I enjoy working with GoShare, pay is great customer service agents are very helpful, quick to respond to issues, will keep in close contact if there’s a problem or cancellation from customers end.They are  Professional and treat drivers with respect.  Use of the app is simple and most customers are professional and helpful.
Went very smooth. Customer was happy and that’s the most important thing.
Had some tires to deliver. It wasn’t far away and didn’t take long. The only thing I would mention is, I took a picture of the invoice, and then I was going to take a picture of the tires, but I hit the wrong button and submitted the one picture of the invoice and it wouldn’t let me go back and submit the pictures of the tires.
Like it
I just signed up for goshare, they deny me because of my background check, my incident happen 16 years(non violent)when I was 19, I’m 35 now. I’m just trying make a honest living and provide for my family. I wish there was a way around this…
When you combine fuel, maintenance, and insurance; so far I’ve delivered for negative income.  Hopefully this is just a trial.  I’m expecting much more work at far higher rates to justify traveling 30 miles from New Orleans to the only customer that I receive requests from.  It has to get better than this.  Let me know what needs to be done to insure a decent wage at the end of the week.  I have faith in the companies potential.
A great way to get an extra income
I was about to write a review saying the only problem was the app don’t let you select more than one job at a time but, soon as I was about to write it another job came thru and I was able to select both jobs lol. Awesome app!!! Just wish they had consistent work thru out the day in my area..
I think this app is a fair opportunity to get out of the house. Take care of people stuff meet new people and have fun. I love it every time I get a GoShare.
Quite a great experience at first time delivery on your platform. Though I enjoyed it, but I enjoyed it more observing customer’s delight to receive their items. Indeed happifying. Thanks for this opportunity.
The app itself is good. GoShare had dropped their rates an increased capacity load. For example a courier vehicle had a capacity of 50pounds. Now it’s 100. Rates were at a jobs paid a minimum of $30 now as low as $19.00
GoShare is joke. I’m renting about their audacity to drop driver’s rate and offer far less paid to their drivers; Yet charging their customers considerably.

That’s not a fair game GOSHARE! It cost to maintain our equipment as well as operate these vehicles. You ought to do better.
Was great on time
I’m ordering another way that you guys pay out like waiting per week to pay once a week so that the payments can be bundled in the past can be larger so people can pay their bills those payments come out to separate it’s like you’re not making money really
Customer support and availability of customers and jobs is extremely lacking
The gigs pop up but there is a 30 second timer before you can accept it but by the time you wait for the timer to end someone else already accepted the gig
It takes too long to get paid for jobs completed. Get with the times and payout same day like Uber, Lyft, DoorDash etc.
Great app to use !
I signed up as a helper and carrier. I payed $45 for my background check, it’s been a week since my account was activated but there haven’t been any new jobs available. I reached out to GoShare support but only get a response to ensure my alerts are turned on so I can be notified of new jobs. I wouldn’t recommend this app especially when you have to pay, then don’t get any opportunity to make your money back. Stay away from this please.
A great delivery app that we use to source jobs and compliment my BE LUX services! Check us out for some extra help anytime!🤵🏽‍♂️
Pretty good money to be made as long as you are not lazy. I make an extra $600 a month. About half of the clients also tip well. Make sure your cell phone is off of silent so you can be the first to review and accept the project.
Don’t try to work for go share it’s not possible. Every time I get a notification for a job I click it, and before it even lets me view the job, someone else has accepted or taken it. Not a good outline for a company, and no regulation on people who are making the hire. For instance I got hired on for truck only, and the guy thought it meant labor and the truck. So they need to figure out when the customer is making the order, to have both options available, driver only, or driver with helper.
Went through the whole process of signing up and spending all the time to get a vehicle inspection and background check just to get signed on and literally see any jobs pop up here. I signed up with the expectation that there would be more than one job that every so often. The jobs that do pop up are way out of your way. Being that I signed up with my pickup truck most of these jobs aren’t worth driving almost an hour to pick up the stuff to deliver it almost another hour away. You spend more gas and if you don’t jump on the jobs quick it’s not even worth it. Thought this would be a great opportunity to make extra money with my truck.
Awesome, easy friendly app.
I have yet to get a job with company
You get the notification, then you need to log in, then you have to prove your not an idiot by determining how many bicycles in pictures above .
Go to your dash board and the gig is gone
Looks like you have it rigged for a select few
Bruce B
I just started with GoShare this week and what a great week it’s been!  I just retired from 3 decades of teaching and needed to stay productive and useful. I have had several great delivery experiences thus week.  Customers are so grateful for my help and the feeling of helping is very fulfilling.  GoShare is so easy to work with and for. Customer service is very responsive and very helpful. Payments have been quick and estimated job payments have been accurate.  The only challenge is beating out the competition for jobs, since it’s first-come, first-serve. Got to be quick, responding to notifications!  What an excellent system too!  Using a smart phone, an app, and my truck to make money.  My Apple Watch is also a very useful part of the technology. Thanks GoShare for providing these opportunities, for helping me make money and serve others, and for helping customers with their needs. It’s a Win, Win for All!!  Sincerely, Alan G.
I started working with GoShare a week ago,  thanks to my family friend, that told me about this app. I had my truck park at the house while I was doing Uber on my SUV. I couldn’t believe how busy and professional this app runs. So far I did 6 trips. And the only thing I can say, is that I’m very happy with this app. The Dispatch are totally awesome and very helpful. Now I drive my truck all day lol.
Rarely any jobs pop up and when they do they’re gone when I try to accept
GoShare is the best company I have worked for by far. I have been with them since October 2020. They pay better than any delivery company I have worked for. The dispatchers are awesome and the customers are generous tippers. Most projects can be handled by one person. Buying a truck was the best decision I made in my life. It’s worth the investment since people always need someone to deliver their furnitures. GoShare is growing and expanding. One day, it will be the most popular and well known platform ever. Just do your part and be smart. Show up on time and communicate with the dispatchers. I’m planning to stay with GoShare as long as they exist. A+
Very easy to use simple money making platform. Love it!
Super excited to work for a company that looks out for their drivers.
So far, I’ve found GoShare to be a pretty good way to lose money and time. The orders are so sparse, I can’t make any plan or schedule and the few orders I do get are so far away from my starting point, I lose money in time and fuel just getting to the pickup location. If you accept a helper job and there’s no main driver, they will reschedule the pickup for a different time, even though you just spent an hour driving to the location. If you accept a job and have to reschedule for bad weather, they charge you a $20 fee. It could be a good way to earn money. It just isn’t.
Very few decent opportunities and this app charges if you need to cancel a project within seconds of accepting it.
Go share is the best platforms by far you get paid for your mileage also tips from customers plus if you have a small sedan vehicle you can still join the platform as a helper or courier and make great money just be sure when you accept a job you be on time and if a emergency comes up be sure to reach out to customer service and explain your situation don’t matter what’s the situation at hand if not you will hit with a no show fee so longs you being responsible you shouldn’t have any problems with making great money I been with go share over a year now and I love it!!
If you actually want to have piece of mind of receiving a payout without slick emails demanding repayment for things you didn’t do, find a different company like Roadie or Dispatch. You’re better off running your own LLC than being a courier with these clowns.
the best app good money here😍
I’ve been a driver for 3 months and have only been “lucky” enough to secure two jobs. Why you ask, because the app does not work. When you get a new job request, it gives you 40 seconds to review it. After the 40 seconds you hit “accept job” and it says sorry someone has taken this job. Horrible process! When you contact customer service they say. You probably have an old phone or it’s outdated. Both are false, I have the newest iPhone and it’s fully updated. I would love to hear what the developer is going to say about this!
Hey , this is a great company to make some extra cash with and meet great people . It’s a little more then what I thought at first . But , that’s because I was waiting for the punchline . My mistake . It’s as good as it says it is . Now to why I didn’t give 5 . It’s more my fault I think . Customer service is very thorough and on top of making sure the customer is getting a professional and on time driver. They make sure all is good . Just a tad impersonal when it’s comes to their drivers at least in my case . But , In the end it all turned out well . $$$$$ so no 5 stars til I get more work lol .
Generally it doesn’t worth it ! First, the app and the way you receive a jobs are totally Stone Age process. It doesn’t match with your current location!!! You may receive a job which is 50 miles away from you. Secondly, it depends what cellphone (iPhone or Android ) you use. Because any time you want to accept the job, even though you pick up the past and do it quickly, it will says job is claimed with another guy. I called customer service and they said it is about the system and the type of phone that you have . Junk !
Easy to use, easy to earn.
They won’t let you sign up if your vehicle is older than 2006 regardless of whether it’s in excellent condition. My truck is 2002 F150 4x4 with 5.8L v8 which can haul 8,000 lbs normally with a limit of 13,000 lbs per the manual.
This company is just amazing.
I’m hooked with your app
I enjoyed teaming up with Ryan. He did an excellent job leading the project.
Why every time you must login you have to enter all your information ℹ️ it will be nice for the app to be able to remember and better yet FaceTime we are in 2021 

I hope that this could be fixed
Am a new GoShare driver and so far it has been a very positive experience all the way around.   Great app, great support staff, great pay!
55555
One can easily earn his rent for the month while using the GoShare App. roughly 3 days per week.  Payments have been on-time and as stated when accepting the gig.  I recommend this platform highly.  And to those using the Ro…e platform, I’d jump ship if I were you!
You guys really are doing good job. I earned 38 in 20 mnts.
As you can see from other reviews there’s a lot of stupid requirements because of “their insurance”. Beyond that though..

- I’m not wasting time and money getting my brand new vehicle inspected. 
- I’m not spending $45 (or $150 if you’ve ever lived in NY for some reason) for you to do a background check. That’s a cost of doing business that should fall on the company, definitely not the contractor. No other app or company has ever asked me to pay for a background fee. 
- They charge a cancellation fee to drivers ranging from $10-50. How ridiculous. Their video tries to explain how it is not a punishment but there’s no going around it. Your parent/spouse/child suddenly in the hospital? Pay up. You get in a car accident? Pay up. 
- To move on with the onboarding process you half to watch a HALF HOUR LONG video that explains nothing but common sense, and about 7 minutes explaining the clumsy flow of this app. AND THEN you have to answer a 41, forty one, question quiz on the video. It’s easier to sign up to deliver people (which doesn’t say anything good about uber or Lyft either 😂)

There’s better apps and services to use. I will not be recommending this company to customers or other gig economists.
I’ve completed 3 projects and so far it has been great. I get to review project details before accepting. So far details have been mostly accurate and the customers have been nice so far.
I don’t under I have a 1997 13 foot box with a loft gate it’s a 7.3 diesel with 97,000 miles how can you guys give work to people that only have new trucks a truck is a truck my truck will out run most of the newer trucks out there anyways I just don't see how that’s fair I’m a hard worker with a box truck ready to load just saying.
Signed up but they don’t cover the area I’m in right now. I travel a ton so it would be nice if I could change areas as I go along. Waiting for the email to activate my account also. You would think that in the 21st century that it would happen pretty much instantly ??
Ty a lot
Thanks
Helpers needed, the driver is getting stuck with customer that can’t help lift their items.
I love the app it comes in handy for me in the Houston , League city , Webster area in Texas i wish more knew about it .
I like the app and get a few projects but a receive a notification of a new project and I go to look at it but it’s gone before I can even open it!
Great service and good instructions
Have been a GoShare driver for 5montha. Hardly able to pick jobs. When the notification comes in, it counts down before you can accept. And when you tap to accept, the job is gone.  The platform is outdated. Kindly upgrade
Do not waste your time applying for this job. Once you do get approved they have no jobs for you to pick up. I’m guessing this is a small company and no one uses them to transfer there goods.  Don’t waste $45 for a background check because you will not get any jobs to accept anyway.
The is a good way to make some extra cash with your truck but not many projects in my area. I’m sure in other cities it may be more going on.
I found myself happy to run for GoShare compare with Dolly.
So far so good. I completed my first delivery today and the entire process was flawless in my opinion. This is the first of many I’m sure.
Compared to other independent driver apps this process is slow and the support isn’t there.
The jobs are scarce
GoShare needs to verify exactly what the customer wants before putting up the job. Example I saw a job that the customer wants you to pick up something from their house, take it to a warehouse and then return another item back to the customers home. That is 2 jobs! Who is responsible for this? There also need to be a point of contact within the job for drivers to communicate with
Easy to use platform and good customers
Can I gets gigs as they are already taken even before i can accept them. Once it loads its already taken. Pointless even signing up.
They make you deliver for free. I haven’t received my payment for my first delivery and it’s been a month. This is a fraudulent company who makes you work for free. I’m taking them to court.
Quickly accepted a job that required mod and unload and a 4 hour round trip drive and $40.00 in gas for 102.00.  That does not include mileage on my truck. You would hope that the company would price things out fairly but that is not the case.  I’ll be leaving the platform.
I’ve recently submitted the forms requested from Goshare to join there platform ... all the information requested was submitted ...

Vehicle INS...
Vehicle inspection...
W9 Form
Vehicle registration....

With that being said .. my registration wasn’t accepted because I just bought the truck and waiting on my permanent registration to show up... keep in mind no ones working at the DMV at this time ... 
so I question why wasn’t my account accepted in there platform ... they tell me because ....
I have a temporary plate ... smh
I HAVE A PERMANENT PLATE ON MY CAR !
It’s a temp registration card !!! Not plate ...
So I replied why wasn’t accepted ...
They replied by deactivating my account ... thanks  Goshare !!! For making my days ahead much harder than they already are :)
Word of advice folks !!! DO NOT QUESTION THEM... you will be deactivated !
Great App and a great way to make money on the side.
This company has no morals standers at all. They will make you pay out of bucket money in most of the projects. They have no appreciation for drivers time by all mean. Trust me, avoid it by any cost!
44.99 ($5 tip included)
10 is taken immediately off the top
20% of your 29.99 is then taken away =23.99

You get:
23.99 + 5 tip = 28.99

They are basically taking 33%. ‘ ish
Too high for me.  I will not drive again.
Splendid app.
I’ve been with GoShare for approximately (1) month. I was the first independent driver to come on board with the program in Antelope CA. Work was slow in the beginning but it has gradually picked up. I’ve completed (2) jobs but have had multiple ones slip by or sometime rejected. The platform is easy to use. You have to be quick sometimes when accepting a job or someone else will grab it🤨. Had an issue with pay but once I contacted GoShare , it was dealt with quickly! I’m making about $40 on a job but it’s a start and I’m loving!😊
IT finally got it to work.
I’ve worked on a few of the on-demand hauling apps and GoShare is easily the best.  I’m in a new market so not real busy yet but as I watch the leaderboards, I realize it’s just a matter of time. 

I CAN’T WAIT!!
They say they take 20% but on a $39.99 job I took home $23. Do the math. It took 7 days to get paid !!  Lyft has my money in my account in literally 15 seconds after I hit the button to cash out.  Go Share should also do a better job of allocating jobs to the nearest person. You drive 70 miles and spend almost two hours for $23. 
Could be good, but needs many improvements.
Just want let you guys know, they have cheap price for professionals,  look like uber price, it is hard to accept projects for this prices.
Top shelf Delivery drivers on demand. App and service work amazingly well for any customer need. Highly recommend.
I live in dacula and all of the jobs most of the time are in Atlanta or other side of Atlanta, and when one is available on my side of town by the time , I read it and take the job it’s already been given to someone. And the price you see, that’s not what you get, if it’s a store like home goods 
$10 of your pay goes too them and 20% to GoShare. So after a $60 job you get $40 and takes a week too get that money,,,,
Nice people thanks..
So if you don’t have a REAL JOB already do not Rely on having this “APP” as steady income. Matter of fact keep track of your payments received from the projects accepted they’ll try to pull a fast one on you. GoShare will pay out to Delivery Professional(s) at least 80% of the Authorized Amount collected from the customer at the time of booking. Not true they only give 50%! So be careful. But hey! Happy 5 De Mayo! Arriba Arriba
Great service!
Awesome app, good to meet people while earning extra cash.
The Best service in USA.
GoShare is simply the best delivery service in the LA, Orange county, and San Diego areas. Don’t wreck your car with those large items! GoShare is only a tap away!
They should tell you upfront, after you complete and pass all requirements, you need to pay about $50 for a background check. I completely understand why they do it, but still, it should be explained to you way way way before you reach that point in the game.
Great app and service
A Goshare delivery driver can count on quick response from Customer Service when in an urgent situation. 😊
I live in Bergen county and do not give me deliveries around here . If there is work but far from my city to only 23 or 30 dollars I do not even give me for gasoline if I accept a trip
I have enjoyed the ability to make some money. The people have all been excellent.
Great technology and an amazing company.
Missing payment button has no link and every other page directs back to that one. No way to contact either. Working for free, use of vehicle for free, equals expensive adventure. Plus expect very heavy lifting, customers usually under estimate weight....
What a great app and service!!!
Using it for the first time so far so good apps working good, no complaints. Thank you
If the customer is a third party, the final recipient should have their contact info and address listed on the project.
Great job answering my questions this morning
Hello,
I am a new driver for your company. I have the utmost desire to be part of this team and make money for everyone involved. Nonetheless, I am very frustrated with my experience so far. In the last 3 days I haven’t been able to get but 1 project. For some reason I am not getting requests to my app. I only receive emails which I reply with the word “accept”, but most times, nothing happens. I deleted the app and downloaded it again and it is the same thing. I borrowed a friends phone and downloaded the app on his phone and I was able then, through her phone, to accept the 1 job I have been able to do. I triple checked and my phone have push notifications activated. I don’t know what seems to be the problem, and I have only been able to communicate via text messages with your support team. 
Just right now I received an email with a project but nothing on the app! This is very frustrating! As of right now, I am in the negative with GoShare. I haven’t been able to even recuperate the cost of the background check. I will really appreciate some technical support with this app. I have friends that have trucks and were all waiting to see what was my experience, to see if it was worth it before they move forward or pay the background check. As of right now, my experience has been very frustrating and disappointing. Please, I need some technical support. Thanks in advance.
Great experience
I have been driving for the company for approximately two years. Though I love the extra money and the work and fully support the program, I am now unable to responsibly accept any new jobs. 

For over a year, my app has stopped displaying the date/time for jobs. I just recently found out (from the customer service) that I am not the only one with this issue. My previous work-around was quickly swapping to my email to check the date/time of the job, but the company recently updated their email format and removed the date/time. 

Now, I have no way of accepting a job without blindly hoping that I will be available. As a military member, I cannot simply up and leave my day job on a whim, so I carefully select which jobs I accept. 

I would love to continue to do this work, but I’m at a stand-still and can’t participate until this glitch is resolved.

I have reached out to customer service no less than three times over the years; only on the most recent attempt did they admit that the problem expanded beyond me alone.

For the record and tech support purposes I’m on an iPhone 7 Plus with the latest iOS installed.
Pays good but get ready, if a customer does not pay you will NOT BE PAID!!!

I’ve sent numerous emails and NOTHING!!!

They don’t even reply at times.  I have to resend the same email in order to get a response.  

I will not return to work for them until I am paid for my hard work!!!
Perfect way to actually make some good money with a truck
There is very little money to be made with this app. If you're a driver, you are lucky to get 2 project requests/week. And if you don't check the request right away, you don't get the job. Poorly designed app, some potential but a lot of work to be done.
I like this just cause my back hurts and I can't move anything just thank you for this app
This is money. Only been an active driver for a week and already pulled in a few hundred bucks. Awesome. Highly recommend if you have a truck